duck selfie picture.
watch this incredible footage of wind toppling a ton of new houses.
hot male actors at every age.
how much nudity is there really on "girls"?.
miley cyrus would be proud of this parody.
12 delicious snacks that you will never have the joy of eating again….
squidward tentacles explains why being single is actually the best.
one reason to fear a pregnant belly (based on true irrational fears).
capital one is in a steamy relationship on twitter.
9 videos you can’t miss this week.
the 15 performers you will probably meet on vacation.
12 things not to say to someone with depression.
the world’s most expensive paintings.
toddler meets her father’s twin for the first time.
"orphan black" cast and creators promise a "challenging" second season.
20 signs you need a social media intervention.
this epic parody #sherlock rp convo is still going…..
the weekly cherry : a vortex of rodman, porn, bieber and womens’ rights!.
earth under water in next 20 years - documentary.
this might be the meanest treasure hunt of all time.
who gets the best jobs? - documentary.
why i can’t say it’s, “the year of…”, anymore.
23 oddly specific netflix categories that only have one show you can watch.
directv drops the weather channel in dispute over carriage fees.
the 10 greatest cats that ever lived.
21 painfully honest cakes for every occasion.
the first half of “mad men’s” final season has a premiere date.
what marvel did for this deaf boy will warm your heart.
facts that make you happy to be you.
makes total scents: disney villains as perfume bottles.
this adorable “pride and prejudice”-themed engagement is every book lover’s dream.
the "baby-sitters club" guide to food.
10 facts you thought were b.s. but are actually true.
the most fab and drab celebrity outfits of the week.
arbitrator hits alex rodriguez with full-season ban for alleged performance-enhancing drug use.
this little girl’s reaction to seeing her father’s twin brother for the first time is priceless.
a brief intro to your new olympic sport: slopestyle.
23 football logos redesigned in the style of european soccer logos.
funniest rihanna moments.
inspiring ad tells the story of deaf nfl player derrick coleman.
18 of the dopest rhymes from ’90s kid’s commercials.
construction begins for "avatar" themed land at disney’s animal kingdom.
27 stages of meeting someone irl from tinder.
sen. mikulski: give the administration time on iran sanctions.
21 meals with tons of protein and no meat.
video of ellen degeneres giving portia de rossi a christmas present will give you the feels.
19 basic life skills they should teach in school.
17 things that scare you about babies before you have one.
13 things you don’t have to be afraid of because you live in geneva.
someone sent a letter to “the independent” written on a piece of ham.
3 exciting ways to add whole grains to your breakfast.
16 monstrosities from the world’s worst waxwork museum.
why do israelis think sharon was the last prime minister who could bring them peace?.
ariel sharon, former israeli prime minister, is dead.
