23 twitters kings, queens and inbetweens.
someone created twitter accounts for the "sherlock" characters with glorious results.
meet the woman who only ate starbucks food for an entire year.
dog stays with his friend that got hit by a car.
watch beyoncé dancing to beyoncé on new year’s eve.
the 19 most anticipated science fiction and fantasy books for 2014.
10 quotes from literary geniuses to insipre you.
ian mckellen and patrick stewart rang in the new year together.
someone is selling an enchanted bbq in australia.
10 things theatre majors are sick of hearing..
the london underground lines in "sherlock" are all wrong.
13 gothic fragrances (for her).
here’s the epic johnny football comeback you missed while you were partying.
what the critics said about 47 ronin.
the emotional roller coaster that is "downton abbey".
13 episodes of "community" to watch before the end of the day.
ap photographer dies of heart attack after taking photos at chick-fil-a bowl.
12 important lessons we’ve learned from uncle phil.
11 natural geological formations that are absolutely too weird to be real.
18 gorgeous time lapse videos from across the globe.
james avery - unscripted.
nostalgia list from the future.
the syrian electronic army hacks skype’s social media accounts and blog.
these people might live on mars for the rest of their lives, if they’re lucky.
the woman who kept falling down - mystery diagnosis.
the top 10 reasons why january 1st is actually the worst day of the year.
the 15 greatest uncle phil moments on “the fresh prince of bel-air”.
30 songs that will pick you up in 2014, and the year after, and after, and forever more….
a same-sex couple got married atop a giant wedding cake float at the rose parade.
12 surprising facts about netflix.
15 times olivia pope’s season 3 wardrobe made your wardrobe feel inadequate.
stereotypical things hipsters like.
falling through the cracks - mystery diagnosis.
17 facts about e-cigarettes that might surprise you.
10 twitter gems from neil gaiman before his sabbatical.
23 things only people from sheffield will understand.
james avery, uncle phil, from "fresh prince of bel air," fondly remembered on twitter.
pastor at de blasio inauguration refers to “plantation called new york city”.
mayor bill de blasio chooses his path with uncompromising inauguration.
james avery, “fresh prince of bel-air’s” uncle phil, has died.
8 soup and stew recipes to keep you warm all winter long.
in colorado, celebrating the first day of legal pot sales.
palestinian ambassador killed in strange safe explosion.
police investigating georgia man who announced on twitter he was going to rape passed-out girl.
your holiday sor-bay: barney miller - happy new year.
this horror film created by 8 year olds is priceless.
25 things nobody tells you about your first apartment.
two drunk girls live on fox news last night: “we’re gonna f*ck shit up!”.
23 animals who understand exactly how you feel today.
iraq war veteran with ptsd becomes the first person to buy weed legally in colorado.
babies vary and knitting stretches.
this amazing dog with a mustache deserves your complete attention.
31 delicious things to cook in january.
a pessimistic view of cosmopolitan’s male body language decoder.
twitter reacts to influx of romanians and bulgarians.
catfish season 1 triumphs and tragedies.
meet the landmine-hunting giant rats of mozambique.
37 celebrities that made you desperately wish you were british.
this baby giving jenny mccarthy side-eye was the best part of new year’s eve.
bill de blasio sworn in as new york city mayor.
your basic snapchat info just got leaked.
