18 powerful photos of the forgotten indigenous soldiers of world war i.
7 bands you should see at ‘big day out’ that aren’t headlining.
hud says audit of chris christie’s sandy ads is “not an investigation”.
50 amazing pieces of robot artwork (part i).
meet the doctor who has spent the last 22 years making house calls to the homeless.
mcdonald’s secret menu items you need to try.
15 signs you’re addicted to watching netflix.
how to ask out a black girl.
22 reasons logan lerman is the greatest without even trying to be.
16 wedding gifts you will get no matter what.
spray painting whole body - waxing underarms - eating squid | top challenges #28.
26 lessons you only learn in progressive school.
a look at paris under the snow in the early 1900s.
ed rendell to attend “ready for hillary” philadelphia fundraiser.
50 highly anticipated films at the 2014 sundance film festival.
8 reasons why leading someone on could be a bad idea.
10 movies that define pittsburgh.
why you, personally, need to be rooting for shani davis in sochi.
#neknomination is the viral drinking game you definitely shouldn’t try at home.
dozens die of starvation in one of syria’s largest refugee camps.
a mom wrote an amazing letter to the man who sat with her 3-year-old autistic daughter on an airplane.
people losing their minds over this terrifying baby prank is unbelievably funny.
3/5 of pentatonix covers “frozen” with an amazing medley..
16 devilishly fun ways to serve an egg.
apple almost built a chain of "cybercafes" in the 1990s.
23 things every gay guy using tinder will go through.
a bunch of lawmakers are retiring now that even congress hates congress.
this song and video by neo-soul singer tiombe lockhart is magical.
8 celebrity tweets you missed today.
space mountain with the lights on is scarier than in the dark.
woman struck by vehicle carrying los angeles mayor.
super awesome fun time japanese cat show.
how the internet is actually stealing our data..
15 “harry potter” deleted scenes that will give you all the feels.
scientists built a computer program to ruthlessly torture robots.
former republican party chairman scrubs online history ahead of possible senate run.
13 lessons we could learn from miley cyrus and her mom.
ciara is pregnant.
this girl’s diary from the ’90s is wonderfully embarrassing.
why leonard hofstadter is your perfect nerd man.
this is what would happen if david lynch made “skyrim”.
a 12-year-old shot and wounded two kids at a new mexico middle school.
19 reasons why buzzfeed should hire me.
mark duplass’ guide to sundance film festival success.
why chipotle is amazing.
the definitive ranking of college dorm room posters.
28 actors who started on “law & order” lead the daily links.
stop everything and look at these vines of fluffy puppy tushes.
oklahoma ban on same-sex marriages is unconstitutional, federal judge rules.
15 epicly honest bumper stickers that tell it like it is.
38 pets who celebrated “dress your pet up day” in style.
19 inexplicable moments from japanese game shows.
5 foods you think are healthy, but aren’t.
this 1980s “dancin’ grannies” workout is a real thing and it is amazing.
tumblr turned julia louis-dreyfus and reese witherspoon at the golden globes into the greatest gifset ever.
"sonic the hedgehog" rewritten as a family tragedy.
these disney themed cakes are going to be the best things you’ve seen all day.
jared leto defies all aging logic as the sexiest 42-year-old man on earth.
ranking the 5 best telenovela roles of thalía.
proof that benedict cumberbatch is in fact a time travelling french woman.
gisele freaks out mothers everywhere by driving a quad with her baby in tow.
reid still won’t say when iran sanctions could come to a vote as democrats lay low.
23 things you probably didn’t know about pokémon.
44 classic french meals you need to try before you die.
24 foods you can eat after getting your wisdom teeth out.
rigby the dog just won “dress your pet up day” by a landslide.
tinder: in real life.
christie begins state of the state address by apologizing for bridge scandal.
11 stages of the text message breakup.
25 things you didn’t know about the movie "titanic".
things you don’t know about legalizing weed.
the perks of being a student.
these guys cover iconic theme song “i’ll be there for you,” and turn it into a soaring pop ballad.
happy “national dress up your pet day” from neville longbottom.
returning memories - free music.
15 reasons dating in your early twenties is nearly impossible.
an actor playing peter pan stopped the show to adorably propose to wendy.
listen to jenny lewis’ new song, as heard on “girls”.
if you’re down in the dumps, this spider dancing to “ymca” will cheer you up.
french president hollande refused to answer questions about his alleged affair.
steve lonegan still wants chris christie’s support amid scandal.
welcome to the net neutrality nightmare scenario.
the 18 worst types of people on the subway, as explained by dogs.
why ‘the brady bunch movie’  is the grooviest 70’s/90’s satire.
obama to visit pope francis.
21 hit songs you might not know were composed by barry mann and cynthia weil.
this 6-year-old girl is a breakdancing prodigy.
20 films qui auront vingt ans en 2014.
us spending bill removes funding for new embassy in london.
10 signs you’re addicted to cute animals.
10 ramen foods even crazier than the ramen burger.
cops raid justin bieber’s house over alleged egg assault, leads to drug bust of bieber buddy.
definitive ranking of seeded male players of the australian open by hair.
14 online comics censored in china.
billionaire beanie babies creator found guilty of tax evasion.
vice has released a five-part documentary on being young and gay in russia.
taylor swift’s fans are mad at tina fey and amy poehler again.
11 reasons blair waldorf is the baddest bitch in nyc.
dozens arrested for being gay or advocating for lgbt rights in nigeria.
judge rejects preliminary approval of nfl’s concussion settlement.
lawmakers push administration to release intelligence “black budget” numbers.
women breaks ankle spinning wheel on price is right.
13 things you can’t do with a broken arm.
this exclusive “bates motel” teaser hints at an even creepier season 2.
16 signs you are at a south asian wedding.
the instagrams from the west virginia water crisis are like something out of a horror movie.
19 things that happen when you don’t wear makeup.
new evangelical movement seeks split from pro-israel line.
peek inside 38 different brooklyn homes from the ’70s.
school today vs. when we were kids.
ohio catholic school fires gay teacher after he announced his engagement.
tell us about yourself: aubrey peeples.
19 questions new yorkers ask when visiting los angeles.
25 reasons rihanna is the king of instagram replies.
new york post columnist calls newtown shooting a "little convenient massacre".
which muppet are you?.
10 best colleges for social butterflies.
the 2013 national book critics circle award finalists have been announced.
wendy williams pulled a martha stewart and uploaded pictures of questionable looking food.
10 weird facts that make you want to visit these colleges.
penis pump claims becoming a stiff problem for federal government.
seven fascinating lesser-known 20th century people.
there’s an iphone game that lets you give barbie plastic surgery.
the 24 nerdiest things that have ever happened.
the 7 stages of a netflix binge.
30 reasons greyhounds are gentle giants and you should adopt one.
this guy is claiming to be conan o’brien’s secret son (updated).
the gaying of southwest florida.
amy poehler and paul rudd have teamed up again for a sweet on-screen romance.
charting a new course.
espn compiles the most powerful college football moments of the year.
game of thrones season 4.
a man has found the stranger who saved his life.
the one biggest problem with this season of "the bachelor".
10 things you might need if leslie knope is your goddess.
20 things every modern office should have in 2014.
the girl with a new face - documentary.
there’s an ostrich on the run in tunbridge wells.
elephant rolls car: elephant attack caught on camera.
12 new year’s resolutions to put on your big girl panties.
justin bieber adds a couple more tattoos to his collection.
what cancelled tv show should be brought back?.
21 questions russian people are sick of answering.
dc mean tweets: "paul ryan is satan incarnate".
how michael b. jordan became hollywood’s newest breakout star.
can you tell which one is the real channel 5 documentary?.
the definitive cycle of online dating.
stunning footage shows london in the ’20s versus london now.
why emma watson’s golden globes outfit confused everyone.
how london are you?.
cornered muslim brotherhood rails against referendum in egypt.
pastor does a quick sermon.
14 cats that are way geekier than you.
the 5 stages of submitting an assignment.
15 majestic pictures of peter capaldi owning his new “doctor who” role.
60 things that defined your childhood in india.
12 astonishing facts about your body.
richard madden’s game of would you rather is almost as shocking as "game of thrones".
the former editor of “the new york times” criticised a cancer patient for blogging about her illness.
why outkast’s reunion can’t come too soon.
this sherlock musical will help tide you over until the next season.
is this what holden caulfield looks like?.
the 19 types of old-school rave casualty.
abercrombie’s cfo ascends to position of power behind the scenes.
10 routines from dance moms with powerful themes.
a mountain biker had a seven-week-long erection after injuring his penis.
jpmorgan’s profit falls over 7% thanks to madoff settlement.
the couple who asked the internet to name their daughter may be regretting it about now.
the real etiquette of the london underground.
“the bachelor” gif recap week 2: too much to drink.
there is an app which will quit your job for you.
34 nostalgic pictures of hmv oxford street spanning 70 years.
the "sherlock" finale as an 8-bit video game.
20 things you didn’t know about "pulp fiction".
children of glass - documentary.
can you tell the difference between real vice headlines and fake ones?.
"what if google was a guy" is a hilarious sketch that skewers our internet habits.
28 songs that will make you miss the 1990s.
passion + right tools = productivity & happiness. the 6 books that reveal the new “secret of success”.
a summation of springtime in europe.
jon stewart explains why the west virginia chemical spill is so messed up.
what it’s like to fly international in coach.
42 truly haunting pieces of art.
pr firm disputes claims it proposed featuring chris christie in sandy ads.
