meet the 17-year-old girl who stood up to death threats after her tweet went viral on new year’s eve.
10 very good reasons to date a bearded man.
video game shotguns vs the real thing.
the u.s. is the biggest threat to world peace, according to a poll.
19 things that happen when you get drunk for the first time.
the 20 absolute worst parts about being a receptionist.
everyday sucky things about being schizophrenic.
8 reasons to add color to your snow day.
26 secrets your netflix account knows about you.
colorado’s marijuana shops made more than $1 million on first day of legalization.
18 reasons to love literary dublin.
the 17 worst guests at every wedding.
awkward dance moves every guy does.
how a punk band fooled mi6, scared margaret thatcher and almost caused a diplomatic incident.
29 problems only procrastinators understand.
15 wonderful new netflix additions to watch when you’re stuck inside.
15 times french president francois hollande messed up a handshake.
more congressmen say they’re open to clemency deal to bring edward snowden back to u.s..
cuba’s favorite tv show might surprise you.
"the wolf of wall street" is a movie about an asshole, told by an asshole.
8 celebrity tweets you missed today.
the story of 2013’s only female candidate for nyc mayor.
everyday things that affect your mood.
watch the greatest catch of all time.
these "up" inspired photos for a couple’s 61st anniversary will probably make you misty-eyed.
8 incredible snowmen you wish were in your yard lead the daily links.
the demolition of sandy hook school is complete.
the unwritten rules of email.
geek culture looks to 2014 for bigger and greater things.
chinese consumers react to walmart donkey-fox meat scandal.
minnesota vikings deny that chris kluwe’s lgbt advocacy ended his career.
the good doctor’s voice.
glenn greenwald tears into ruth marcus over edward snowden.
23 things children of the 80’s from atlanta will never forget.
everything you need to know about the massive winter storm that hit the northeast and midwest.
5 reasons why you should hire lucky as science editor.
ditch the boyfriend and get a dog! here’s why!.
woman raised by monkeys - documentary.
this is what a wind-up pug looks like.
debbie harry performing at the new year’s eve 2014 celebration in times square.
28 pictures of your new favorite instagram duo.
miley cyrus performing at the new year’s eve celebration in times square.
two indian women gang raped twice almost exactly a year after brutal delhi rape.
youtube’s 10 most viral videos of 2013.
how to write an extremely cynical love song.
paris hilton at her new year’s eve bash at the bellagio in las vegas.
president obama’s vacation is better than yours.
all the months, ranked from worst to best.
these people know exactly what’s important when it comes to riding out a blizzard.
so moffat filmed a fake scene for the "sherlock" premiere.
did you know celine dion has her own personal $72 million water park mansion?.
those things miley cyrus said about beyoncé aren’t real.
10 things that need to retire in 2014.
california supreme court rules undocumented immigrant can receive law license.
proof that no photo op is safe.
24 signs dating isn’t for you.
this could maybe, possibly be a breakout year for bank of america.
an egyptian puppet has actually been accused of being a secret terrorist.
the 7 stages of watching law & order svu.
12 rolling stone covers that immortalized 2004 in pop culture.
chris christie sent a very christie christmas card to iowa republicans.
is this the most attractive photo of matthew lewis ever taken?.
jamaican dancehall star sizzla banned from music festival for anti-gay lyrics.
four-year-old girl belts out adorable cover of "let it go" from disney’s "frozen".
why i fell in love with harry styles.
6 terrifying statistics about internet security.
“behind the gifs” is your new favorite subreddit.
ps4 owners are watching three times as much porno as xbox one owners.
monkey & thunder are the love cats!.
chicago’s boystown tops list of world’s best gay neighborhoods.
why i feel ok about falling off the wagon after years of sobriety.
falling downton abbey.
7 original ways to have your eggs.
these brilliant snapchat stories about disney princesses’ secret lives will make you laugh out loud.
3 kickstarter comics that need to become movies.
five little white lies that men tell women.
lgbt iranians featured in moving visual poem: "i have always been here".
fallon fox, the first transgender mma fighter, opens up to gq.
you can now buy guns from the “duck dynasty” guys.
after twitter started viciously attacking her over a silly joke, this girl handled it like a champ.
the ultimate vines compilation of 2013 ✔.
why cosplaying in 2014 is better than it was in 2004.
29 awesome things about being 29.
fyi, lady gaga and christina aguilera have released a fairly legendary studio version of "do what u want".
how celebrities brought in the new year.
35 famous songs about famous people.
tumblr reacts to the "sherlock" season 3 premiere.
6 comics about difficult truths.
shia labeouf will never stop plagiarizing.
someone used a cardboard cutout of the rock to make some really hilarious and totally stupid puns.
10 new year resolutions to live by in 2014.
you need to see this baby skunk wearing a onesie.
out u.s. olympic delegate caitlin cahow says sochi games should be about “transcending differences”.
u.s. olympic delegation member: "we’re successful, we’re gay, and we’re proud of it".
these vine singers perfectly capture pop music in six second medleys.
why “i suck at tinder” should be your new favorite tumblr.
scene music  - free music.
10 books that will help you become a terrible person.
learn to live in 2014.
the 18 online beauty shops you need in your life.
33 instagrams of musicians ringing in 2014.
this comic understands your google paranoia.
one theory behind nest’s jaw-dropping valuation.
"imitation of life" actress juanita moore dies at 99.
does being cold make you sick?.
author george saunders: “holding out a high vision of what art is supposed to do”.
29 breathtaking photos from hockey’s snowtastic winter classic.
the 7 most viral photos on imgur in 2013.
prince william takes a royal selfie with a 12-year-old.
rihanna hosted a luxurious new years party.
miley cyrus and ryan seacrest kissed each other at the ball drop.
6 revelations from nigella lawson’s first tv interview since "mortifying" court case.
why is mindy kaling on tinder?.
kaley cuoco got married in a pink wedding dress.
12 spectacular acts of wikipedia vandalism.
the most expensive children’s clothes in the world.
highlights from ethan embry’s "can’t hardly wait" new year’s celebration.
pnh and uss syndromes - mystery diagnosis.
disney world surprise thwarted. girl wants to go to mobile. alabama.
powerful explosion hits beirut suburb.
life of ariel sharon, in a coma, is “in danger”.
the 37 most ’00s things that have ever happened.
11 most amazing live performances by the ladies.
13 things scott disick could teach us about self-confidence.
17 delightful pictures of benedict cumberbatch as a young man.
28 beautiful quotes about libraries.
9 reasons you are already breaking your new year’s resolution.
how irish are you?.
21 things that inevitably happen when you work in an office.
12 beautiful glass sculptures of things that could kill you.
a reddit user has recreated iconic movie scenes using his boss’s dog.
shia labeouf apologizes for plagiarism with skywriting, daniel clowes’ editor shoots it down.
a man with two penises did a highly enlightening q&a on reddit.
22 signs you were an international school kid.
33 reasons why buying your first home is hell on earth.
you can already buy easter eggs from nearly every supermarket.
mma kitten vs adult cat & robotic dog.
chinese supermarket tries to pass off fox meat as donkey meat.
a british "superhero" mugged in canada has been reunited with his man bag.
this super-viral will smith tweet is super fake.
precious pups: new york’s chihuahua rescue home.
fireworks onlookers get more than expected.
one amazing thing you might have missed from “sherlock” last night.
munich’s hellabrunn zoo has two new polar cubs.
up close footage of a sailfish in action.
the first selfies of 2014.
russian research ship stuck in antarctic ice for two weeks finally free.
15 stages of finding out you are gluten intolerant.
