20 things that are colder than you right now.
you need to shut everything down right now.
the 10 stages of shoe shopping.
you won’t believe what this raccoon can do under a car.
15 reasons college football’s championship game should always be played at the rose bowl.
china destroys six tons of ivory in its first public crushing.
your holiday sor-bay: three kings day.
41 powerful messages from a selfie protest in lebanon.
these fake harry styles/kendall jenner exchanges make “hendall convos” the best new twitter of 2014.
12 unsettling retro ads featuring kids.
a whole bunch of people threw boiling water in the air to watch it freeze and burned themselves.
6 awesome songs that make 6 new movies better.
michael bay made the most awkward stage exit ever.
31 things that always make atlanta braves’ fans happy.
top 8 resoluções de ano novo inspiradas em séries de tv.
a large section of the midwest is currently colder than the south pole.
this comic perfectly explains what white privilege is.
how much is an original american girl doll worth?.
the 32 worst things about working in food.
senate delays vote to extend unemployment benefits.
there’s a charity campaign to make ice cube’s goodyear blimp a reality.
change.org deletes indian petition to reject gays’ “repulsive and extremely abnormal lifestyle”.
13 things people with a january birthday have to deal with.
the "sherlock" drinking game.
12 beatles covers that will leave you speechless.
os 35 fatos mais fofos de todos os tempos.
8 celebrity tweets you missed today.
michael bay flubs his lines, flips out about it.
ranking the 107 men of “sex and the city”.
21 pick-up lines that would totally work on you.
‘no way’ kerry will get detailed framework agreement for peace talks, says senior israeli official.
27 overwhelming feelings every college senior has in the spring.
21 of the most los angeles books ever.
behold neil patrick harris in tiny, tiny shorts.
watch photoshop transform your favorite celebrities right before your eyes.
chicago’s ban on gun sales ruled unconstitutional by federal judge.
the 23 stages of a tinder relationship.
17 steps to having a perfect textual relationship.
these are the new laws you need to know about in 2014.
12 worst types of kisses.
kim kardashian out shopping in beverly hills, california.
ed sheeran released 2014 tour info.
ranking dos estilos de cabelo da jennifer lawrence em 2013.
why you should be following tracee ellis ross on instagram.
a polar bear vortex.
29 actors that prove everything is hotter down under.
23 of the best extreme selfies.
21 wonderful behind-the-scenes photos of “i love lucy”.
kourtney kardashian out and about in calabasas, california.
what video games would look like without outsourcing.
taylor swift shops for groceries in west hollywood, california.
sasheer zamata named newest “saturday night live” member.
jennifer lawrence: “i’m trying to clean up my act”.
dad celebrates his son’s 1st birthday by making him a video game star.
lgbt groups ask apple to cut ties with russian retailer after creative director advocates burning gay people alive.
kylie minogue at the dolce and gabbana collection event held in london.
19 hilarious pictures of people posing on splash mountain.
mike birbiglia is going on a never-ending comedy tour.
how two sac capital traders used lobsters and cheesecake factory gift cards to make millions.
47 famous people who went to catholic school.
36 photos of norman reedus that will give you a zombie boner.
the complete history of people making the same joke about the men’s wearhouse motto.
10 shocking places on earth that are warmer than the mainland us right now.
there is a videogame that looks like "steamboat willie" and it is going to be awesome.
gary shteyngart officially named "pathological russophobe" on eve of book launch.
camilla alves at the 25th annual palm springs international film festival awards in palm springs.
julia roberts at the 25th annual palm springs international film festival awards in palm springs.
lupita nyong’o at the 25th annual palm springs international film festival awards in palm springs.
5 kids movie pranks that went way too far lead the daily links.
amy adams at the 25th annual palm springs international film festival awards in palm springs.
sandra bullock at the 25th annual palm springs international film festival awards in palm springs.
meet the troll behind (or not behind) the north korean dog execution hoax.
this man is attempting to pick up a “hot brunette” with a picket sign.
questions everyone in sf hates.
20 beautifully illustrated quotes from your favorite authors.
what it’s like working on blue monday.
20 shows worth watching that just couldn’t make past 3 seasons.
ces 2014 is turning into a funeral for 3d.
macaulay culkin and his pizza themed band have made the most important pizza themed video ever.
8 reasons this was actually the best cable news network that ever existed.
peek into literary new york in the 1920s.
buzzfeed movietracker: how the golden globes nominees stack up.
andrew garfield and emma stone went surfing in hawaii.
this small-town texas yearbook from the ’20s is absolutely delightful.
19 reasons why arachnophobes should give australia a miss.
what happens when a family with 8 dogs get snowed in.
what your favorite politicians got into over their long holiday break.
27 signs you’re in love with the beach.
19 facts proving you should never rap.
the fascinating lives of the living dolls.
18 things to look forward to in 2014.
how to get rid of your winter boyfriend/girlfriend.
green bay let their super bowl dreams slip through their hands in an ultimate what-if game.
glenn beck speaks out in defense of melissa harris-perry.
the 15 most pouty faces of “reign”.
pinterest just bought a visual search startup.
26 reasons k-pop is better than american pop.
four hedge fund trends to watch for in 2014.
16 examples of disney nail art that will render you speechless.
the 23 best moments from "sherlock’s" "the sign of three".
32 signs you’re graduating in may.
the nyc city council speaker frontrunner is being sued for allegedly putting a santeria curse on an opponent.
the most perfect dog vine.
"brokeback mountain" is now an opera in madrid.
how to eat a chicken wing like a lady [food hack].
watch a kid lip-synch queen’s “don’t stop me now” every day for three years.
beautifully haunting photos of a burning building transformed into an ice castle.
8 scientific reasons why having a female boss is the best.
27 things that happen on every episode of “four weddings”.
nicki minaj and lil wayne might be having a baby together, and here’s what the kid could look like.
steven seagal is considering a bid for governor of arizona.
this one pit bull’s transformation will bring you to tears.
white house press secretary jay carney has a beard now.
14 must read books for disney lovers.
a girl, no older than 10, caught wearing a suicide vest in afghanistan.
the 30 dumbest things drunk women have ever done.
artist constructs alternate realities out of paper scraps.
lgbt rights group to be an official sponsor of australian men’s bobsled team.
watch the amazing reaction when a family finds out their son lost 130 pounds since they last saw him.
helicopter vs car.
pope francis urges new approach to children of gay and divorced couples.
someone shouted "we’re coming for you" to an indian-american comic and he handled it perfectly.
when eleven became twelve: how the doctors are numbered.
proof the guy from interpol only has a vague familiarity with the english language.
distance makes the heart grow fonder.
rejoice everyone, emma watson is single.
the best news bloopers of 2013.
remember when meredith vieira was super horny on "who wants to be a millionaire"?.
20 reasons a twentysomething would never survive “the hunger games”.
steubenville teen convicted of rape released from juvenile detention after serving less than a year.
17 magical lifehacks to learn from disney movies.
this is the key to opening the hellmouth.
20 gifs of famous faces acting drunk.
“polar vortex” plunges much of the country into coldest weather in 20 years.
ashton kutcher and mila kunis get caught on the kiss cam.
why i’m choking on the silver spoon.
vine superstar nicholas megalis just came out with a new single you never knew you needed.
what to look forward to now that the holidays are over.
17 things you swore you’d never say when you had kids.
did you know that if you google the word "freezing" the results are full of cartoon porn?.
what this landmark obscenity trial says about british attitudes to pornography and the law.
white house silence on benefits cuts irks veterans groups.
29 signs you’re a warhammer player.
the 13 worst things about collecting comics.
anna kendrick and aubrey plaza took a spontaneous trip to mexico together.
a family was reunited with their missing son after his photo improbably appeared in usa today.
13 times you have been exactly like tom mison.
australian police free naked man from washing machine using olive oil.
nhl player evades two defenders like a hockey magician for brilliant goal.
lena dunham and allison williams ran into juan pablo.
going back to college felt (almost) as hard as fighting cancer.
16 fails that will make you glad it’s finally a new year.
london is now the most expensive city in the world.
supreme court halts utah same-sex couples’ marriages while case is appealed.
top 10 publishing tumblrs.
the estate of j. d. salinger vs. the internet.
entrepreneur attempts to reinvent the dolls house for 2014.
10 diy tips for keeping your new year’s resolutions.
first full “house of cards” season 2 trailer finds frank underwood in a big mess.
31 gifs of hot guys cuddling puppies to make you smile.
rupert graves and tom daley prove that cloning is totally a thing.
three brothers in minnesota spent 95 hours building this incredible 16-foot high snow shark.
14 fierce contributions miranda priestly has made to gif culture.
the 23 greatest things that could possibly happen to a british person.
this timelapse video is proof that your beer is alive.
this off licence has the most amazing name.
“blue monday” is the media myth that just won’t die.
people trying to reschedule their canceled flights are being kept on hold for a very long time.
a volcano has erupted in indonesia, and the pictures are terrifying.
the story of a travelling toy fox is the sweetest thing on instagram.
a behind-the-scenes look at the insane process of becoming a "teen wolf".
evander holyfield thinks being gay is "a choice" and that gay people "can be fixed".
alcoholics are being paid with beer to clean up litter in amsterdam.
a lion called christian.
here’s the “star trek”/”power rangers in space” mashup you always wanted.
this woman created the most appalling dating profile ever and men loved it.
children’s bank: indian street kids set up bank.
this man took a photograph of himself every day for a year and turned the results into a gif.
there’s an annual christmas tree throwing contest in germany.
17 surprising pictures of a young russell brand.
this cat keeps leaving his home and taking six-week long trips on the metro.
signs you are a marching band geek.
scumbag puppet.
"the sign of three" introduced drunk sherlock and took a lot of people by surprise.
47 sexiest movie performances.
liz cheney drops out of wyoming senate race.
6 reasons why mr. bean would be the best friend.
