this is what your life is like if you don’t eat chocolate.
mr. meyer in a nutshell.
this is what you get when you combine the male leads from every nicholas sparks’ movie.
5 times barack obama forgot how to president.
husky puppy vs frozen apple!.
peter pan proposes to wendy in the cutest marriage proposal ever!.
surprising statistics that show what utahns really think about marriage equality.
37 people trying not to melt in the hottest place on earth.
12 signs that you are probably a muslim living in america #muslimproblems.
federal government charges wal-mart with labor violations.
the 14 types of girls you’ve partied with.
the ghost of v.c. andrews: the life, death, and afterlife of the mysterious “flowers in the attic” author.
15 reasons to love brandi from “the real housewives of beverly hills”.
drones monitor students during exams.
elephant flips car.
8 terrifying true facts about dentists.
this irish trio’s cover of the “friends” theme song will give you the chills.
on his first day using snapchat, rand paul sent a butt joke about the nsa.
29 things that can easily ruin a woman’s day.
fancy words for sexy times.
12 stages of the exam period explained by "peep show".
brazil’s “rolezinhos” may be the latest threat to world cup security.
30 reasons "now and then" was a defining childhood movie for girls.
15 wonderful ways to improve your closet.
10 tips to live longer.
a definitive ranking of all 50 original jelly belly flavours.
25 foods you probably haven’t eaten since you were a kid.
why weren’t there any black musicians at the top of the singles chart last year?.
everything you ever needed to know about “the selfie,” history included.
fat chick relaxes on cat!.
9 celebrity tweets you missed today.
vanessa hudgens at the ‘gimme shelter’ premiere in hollywood.
the bicycle commuter’s guide to biking los angeles.
12 fundamentals of writing "the other" (and the self).
congressman bought other congressman a lego "star wars" x-wing for his birthday.
the evolution of warcraft - (1994 - present).
21 signs working out just isn’t for you.
yahoo’s chief operating officer is out.
"goose mcs" is the only miracle on the hudson tribute you need to see.
this 200-year-old book is also an animated painting.
if your favorite literary icons had dating profiles.
how ford’s new f-150 could change the pickup truck game.
what is your preferred dipping sauce?.
u.s. olympics head draws criticism for warning athletes against protests at sochi.
democratic congressman confronts white house chief of staff over obamacare messaging.
16 british chocolates that will make you want to move to the u.k. immediately.
“veronica mars” gets online spin-off series.
10 awkward moments when you’re unemployed.
state department official: u.s. sanctions against ukraine “on the table”.
hazlo tú mismo: 39 formas de crear arte para tus paredes.
39 dogs who will make you question evolution.
j.c. penney shutting 33 stores by may, cutting 2,000 jobs.
hilariously strange kid versions of celebrities at the golden globes.
what it’s like to live in justin bieber’s twitter account.
republican senator worries about private drones being used in divorce cases.
8 awesome valentines you wish you had gotten as a kid.
the oxford comma is extremely important and everyone should be using it.
10 things you didn’t know about girl scout cookies lead the daily links.
19 things only geminis understand.
19 things you don’t miss after graduating college.
aol is wiping patch off its books.
5 dangerous words for a brit in the usa.
store cameras can tell if shoppers are pissed off or happy.
is leonardo dicaprio god walking among us?.
this man has taken over 2,000 striking polaroid pictures of celebrities.
russia accuses eu of "aggressive propaganda of homosexual love".
colorado’s media shield law could become stronger after the jana winter ruling.
billie jean king tells colbert she’s not afraid to keep it real at sochi.
you won’t be able to stop watching this best of 2014 vine compilation.
the deleted “spectacular now” scene that was too extreme to put on screen.
the definitive ranking of chips.
12 signs you’re deadpool.
pyruvate dehydrogenase complex deficiency (pdcd) - mystery diagnosis.
the 10 best beyoncé & jay z pictures.
do you know what fans of these celebrities call themselves?.
21 signs you were raised by a television.
36 white people who need to be stopped.
the 11 different types of capitol hill staffers.
captain planet trailer.
cuddle club (fight club parody).
republican congressman: judges who support same-sex marriage need "basic plumbing lessons".
"veronica mars" star jason dohring takes a return trip to neptune.
there is a store in la for time travelers.
this great great grandma hired a stripper to help celebrate her 100th birthday.
what does susan boyle look like playing bag-pipes?.
8 things you learn to appreciate after moving back home.
donor to jeff denham’s congressional campaigns on trial for child molestation charge.
the 11 worst things tech interns have messed up.
that time "cocteau twins fever" hit ohio in 1985.
danish tourist allegedly gang raped in one of india’s most popular tourist spots.
9 ways to tell someone is keeping a secret (and lying about it).
this vine of beyoncé throwing side-eye is amazing.
21 reasons target is a midwestern utopia.
new england heroin epidemic sees dramatic increase in addiction and death.
12 times nintendo games were the worst.
today’s fog turned nyc into a city in the clouds.
you must watch “the daily show’s” beautiful tribute to fox news’ “the five”.
29 confessions from the gaming widows of whisper.
5 reasons a trip to mars is out of this world.
boom - it’s an awesome kitten gif.
this short film about "batkid" is absolutely heartwarming.
steve carell and stephen colbert’s tribute to captain sully.
13 times we knew bennifer couldn’t last.
company responsible for west virginia spill has horribly ironic blog post about clean water.
a first look at what may be the surprise hit of this year’s sundance film festival.
10 revealing facts about your behavior.
this is what the tigers of thailand are actually thinking.
exclusive: egypt observers report ballot stuffing, bribes in constitution vote.
16 random jelly belly combinations that totally work.
christie joins long list of past american figures to use most famous non-apology apology.
abraham lincoln: saint or sinner?.
this beautiful note was left by a grieving widower hoping to pay for a young couple’s meal.
meet olivier giroud, the really, really ridiculously good-looking soccer player.
fogpocalypse in new york city.
moving images of the baby miraculously pulled from the rubble of a bombing, now safe at home.
10 factual reasons why cats rule.
how hull are you?.
28 things that people with big boobs can simply never do.
an acclaimed cartoonist, on why she needed to quit comics and comedy.
gleeks around the world, stop. time to ‘love’ the season 3 graduates even more..
26 reasons "peep show" is pretty much your life.
boris johnson says south bank skatepark should be preserved.
these awesome posters show a darker ending to harry potter.
16 reasons being petite is the cutest thing ever.
6 diy projects to make your outdoor areas more inhabitable.
13 times dogs joined the goof crew.
where in the world you can find the best schools — and the happiest kids.
cnn reporter gets stoned on a “rocky mountain high” tour in colorado.
18 incredibly simple things any man can do to look better.
my supersized breasts could kill me.
i did it! i paid for my bfa in creative writing by dumpster diving!.
21 things that happen when you don’t eat meat.
20 reasons why leonardo dicaprio deserves every award ever.
bubble football has arrived in britain and it looks incredible.
the 8 most shocking revelations from the senate’s declassified report on benghazi terrorist attacks.
jessica chastain and cate blanchett shared a secret at the golden globes and it’s the biggest mystery of the day.
the incredible story of a woman’s final months fighting brain cancer as told through her tweets.
it’s all about new york for the new season of glee.
two fans quest to find every location from every fandom.
9 stunning before & after images from around the world.
dystopic reads for 2014.
jack dorsey says the receipt is untapped “canvas” and “publishing medium”.
lena dunham is on the cover of vogue.
this is the only jennifer lawrence impression you need to see.
26 food swaps to make you healthier.
who is the most underrated actor in hollywood?.
30 awful things about riding public transportation every day.
senate intelligence committee: benghazi attack was preventable.
the woman who couldn’t stop burping - mystery diagnosis.
the 14 most awkward social situations on trains & what to do.
22 things you’ll understand if you were raised by two moms.
how to get out of the friend zone.
11 reasons you should love clowns.
10 quotes that prove myrtle snow from "american horror story: coven" is totally badass.
15 surprising facts about birth control.
watch drake’s "snl" promos.
this man hasn’t washed for 60 years.
joel mchale perfectly sums up justin bieber in one sentence.
17 reasons the denver broncos are the least hateable team in the nfl playoffs.
25 struggles only the perpetually weepy will understand.
20 truly bizarre gifts received by the royal family.
20 songs you hear at every rock club.
there’s a hilarious new trend for re-enacting viral gifs.
mayor of sochi’s olympic village defends russia’s anti-lgbt law.
every kelly clarkson song, ranked from worst to best.
the 10 stupidest things you should never say to a wheelchair user.
in objection of the hipster beard trend.
why hbo’s "looking" is the honest gay series we’ve been waiting for.
13 of the weirdest rush hour crushes from metro.
could this be the greatest celebrity fitness video ever?.
if one direction were bald.
17 horrifying middle class injuries.
whoa, robert downey jr. can sing.
iranian leader’s twitter account deletes controversial statement boasting about nuclear deal.
20 reasons to be legitimately terrified of space.
macklemore performs "can’t hold us" on new york city bus.
the football team with one of the longest losing streaks in sport just won a game.
11 reasons why migraines aren’t regular headaches.
bank of america’s profit jumps to $3.44 billion despite mortgage loss and legal troubles.
scientists show there’s no such thing as a sixth sense.
beyoncé wants everyone to stop buying in to the myth of gender equality.
this video of a baby giving an ipad tutorial is the only thing you need to watch today.
benjamin the bunny dresses up as your favourite movie characters.
former mozambique president calls for lgbt equality in africa.
these underwater sculptures will take your breath away.
a "friends" super-fan made a tiny and intricate shrine to the show.
28 reasons to worship louise brealey, aka molly from “sherlock”.
the 14 stages of a “quiet” night out..
6 ways the internet and horror go together perfectly.
there’s a great twitter that collects the weirdest fan fiction on the internet.
10 breathtaking photos of the northern lights, taken on a scottish island.
this walking cat video will make your day.
husky dog just does not want to go.
the toddler who stopped walking - mystery diagnosis.
new video of asiana airlines crash victim casts doubt on officials’ claims.
thailand’s prime minister says the february election will go ahead as planned.
as landscape shifts, new jersey lgbt leader heading home to run oklahoma group.
unpublished challenger disaster photos surface on reddit.
if jordan belfort from "wolf of wall street" had an instagram.
bruce springsteen and jimmy fallon take on chris christie’s bridgegate with "born to run" spoof.
jojo is officially free from her former label after a 7-year battle.
16 reasons to be excited for coachella 2014.
“how i met your mother” puts a character in yellowface.
50 amazing piece of robot artwork (part ii).
14 best dishes in new york city.
the 9 best kids tv shows from the 90’s.
