definitive proof that anjelica huston is actually "ahs’s" next supreme.
pastor speeds up worship service to catch 49ers game.
13 “adventure time” quotes to get you through a rough day.
white house: obamacare “spanglish” story was “over-torqued”.
manatee crush monday!.
the best questions strangers ask when they end up on stage together.
life before marriage vs. life after.
over 40 international correspondents demand the release of journalists in egypt.
stunning ice sculptures grow in the coldest weather.
two friends killed, one injured after going into icy chicago river to retrieve a cell phone.
bryan cranston starred in an amateur film because he’s the coolest.
33 "clueless" references you missed as a kid.
rep. sean maloney is engaged to his longtime partner, randy florke.
two california police officers found not guilty in beating death of homeless man.
the 40 greatest fictional teammates of all time.
mindy kaling’s college comic strips at dartmouth.
15 whimsically surreal gifs to get lost in.
how to survive in new york city.
pug vs. baby: the ultimate battle.
the mysterious disappearance of avonté oquendo.
london in 1927 vs. 2013.
45 ways you know you moved from a small town to new york city.
the 18 worst things about working in a cinema.
16 supposedly healthy foods with more sugar than a snickers bar.
an ode to a younger shia labeouf.
why you’ll never make a buzzfeed post.
russia expels american journalist.
governor left giant bear in bathroom for next governor.
the "girls" premiere and the golden globe awards broke seamless.
37 wholesome, healthful recipes.
tele-transportation around the world video.
charter bids $61.3 billion for time warner cable.
ethereal music in 13 genres.
16 more little books for long journeys.
unc adviser who claimed ex-basketball player was illiterate says athletes inspire her, are not at fault.
this little girl’s hilarious dinner request will make you smile.
how twitter responded to shakira’s and rihanna’s collaboration.
here’s what emoji would look like in real life.
the other time christie was accused of steering million dollar contracts to political-connections.
this steamy love letter to the “man-bun” leads the daily links.
alex rodriguez files suit seeking to overturn season-long mlb suspension.
this is what it’s like to be rihanna bathing in the ocean.
indians wrote these incredibly heartfelt letters asking the supreme court to decriminalize same-sex intercourse.
the 25 most iconic moments in purple tinted sunglasses history.
“12 years a slave” takes home golden globes’ biggest honor: watch our interview with cast member rob steinberg.
15 tranquil songs you need in your life.
google just bought a smart thermostat company for $3.2 billion.
chris christie vetoes pro-lgbt bill allowing for easier birth certificate changes.
andy cohen’s new beard has made him 1000% hotter.
the 13 stages of a culinary disaster.
michael douglas joining marvel’s "ant-man" as hank pym.
the baby who smelled like pancakes - mystery diagnosis.
“the newsroom” has at last been renewed for a third and final season.
why buzzfeed should hire me.
19 things you didn’t know about the movie “the birdcage”.
21 delightful reasons to have more sex.
man shot and killed in fight over texting during movie at tampa theater.
gabourey sidibe’s response to people being jerks about her weight on twitter is absolutely perfect.
7 websites to get you through the week.
15 ways to eat more feta and be happier in life.
our favorite doctor who episode.
batman will be coming to fox’s "gotham" after all.
the 9 most unexpected animal sounds.
the 23 cutest couples at the golden globes.
jesse tyler ferguson donating $10k to australian marriage equality fight.
what’s your cheese horoscope?.
“white people crazy” is the rap anthem you’ve been waiting for.
emma thompson was secretly but not so secretly the best part of the golden globes.
10 comics that capture the anxiety of graduation.
8 reasons to miss gray’s papaya in the west village.
there’s nothing really illegal about shutting down an interstate bridge.
8 sexiest bachelors of congress.
the “sherlock” season 3 finale caused tumblr to self-destruct.
stop everything and watch this kid’s jaw-dropping figure-skating routine.
7 struggles every pale person can understand.
british actors reenact the most ridiculous conversations on youtube.
27 ways the capybara is the life of the party.
tina fey and amy poehler got a subtle taylor swift dig in at last night’s golden globes.
your life in palm beach (as explained by palm beach dogs).
22 things that are f**king metal.
you need this remix of destiny’s child’s "bug a boo" in your life.
the 10 biggest saves from last night’s golden globes.
tell people you listen to nickelback while eating mac and cheese from a box. it’s ok..
how to make a movie about mormon missionaries even agnostics will love.
jessica chastain as princess merida is stunning.
old men sprinting needs to be the next big thing.
how to figure out if he’s boyfriend material.
for everyone who believes and knows in their heart that tatiana maslany was robbed.
chris christie is facing a federal investigation over his use of sandy relief funds.
the definitive 2014 golden globes eyewear ranking.
19 things you miss after graduating college.
someone recreated the red room from "twin peaks" in animal crossing.
the woman whose flesh was eaten alive - mystery diagnosis.
38 excellent photos from golden globe after parties.
denver police shoot man using woman as a human shield outside a 7-eleven.
why the british government is going to war with the eu over legal highs.
unc adviser faces death threats after claiming ex-basketball player was illiterate.
rand paul slammed christie for sandy ads in november.
nigerian president signs bill criminalizing same-sex relationships.
6 places that prove deserts are the hottest natural wonders.
15 best dressed men at the golden globes.
disney’s “frozen” is headed to broadway.
shakira and rihanna’s new single will banish your winter blues.
a pastor held a one-minute-long sunday service so he could make the 49ers kickoff.
the “24” revival finally has a premiere date.
treat yo self to 15 of the best "parks and rec" gifts.
14 great things about being an nfl fan from the uk.
nhl goalie makes spectacular save that you have to see to believe.
new york rising: 40 years of city life in the photos of larry racioppo.
9 wonderful details from a hundred-year-old map of the london underground.
21 important lessons lumpy space princess taught us about feminism.
pros and cons of e-books.
14 emotions you’ll feel while job hunting as told by "mean girls".
mewbacca, the wookiee cat.
15 reasons camels are nightmare creatures from hell.
21 people who are secretly poetic geniuses.
29 celebrity instagrams from the golden globes that you need to see.
14 statistics about sex and dating that might surprise you.
35 amazing behind-the-scenes photos from the original "star wars" trilogy.
conservative media powerhouse buys redstate, regnery publishing for $8.5 million.
one excited dog.
21 ways naming a baby will drive you crazy.
beautiful photos of how a group of farmers chose to honor one of their own after he died of cancer.
hedge fund buys stake in jos. a. bank, pressures it to merge with men’s wearhouse.
the "shaun of the dead" guide to london.
“downton abbey” was incredibly upsetting last night.
the story behind this beautiful photo of maya angelou and amiri baraka dancing.
clearly the best way to have watched the golden globes.
what does your favorite breakfast food say about you?.
the definitive guide to finding the right dead fish on tinder.
10 diy ways to brighten up winter.
patrick stewart’s "star trek" and pizza mashup video is straight up genius.
14 reasons why m&m’s world is the oddest attraction in london.
after 19 months in men’s prison, cece mcdonald released.
32 things you experience as a foreigner moving to london.
the man who ate himself to death - documentary.
19 signs you’re in a relationship with hummus.
we drink cow urine.
white house lays groundwork for environmental push.
alex james is planning to launch a drink called “britpop”.
the kardashian guide to victorian etiquette.
text messaging is finally in decline as online services take over.
the tina fey, amy poehler & taylor swift golden globes slamming saga comes to a ceremonious close..
19 things from 2004 that will make you feel old.
13 reasons the ocean might never be the same.
london underground staff use tube sign to protest against boris johnson.
john kerry gave the russian foreign minister two potatoes because why not.
the 23 stages of getting a haircut.
benedict cumberbatch and michael fassbender had a dance-off at the golden globes.
jennifer lawrence kisses nicholas hoult at the golden globes, melts hearts everywhere.
‘hotel california’ - balalaika edition.
hundreds attend israel’s state memorial service for ariel sharon.
26 delightful pictures of the london underground in the ’70s and ’80s.
yesterday was “no trousers” day on the tube.
17 things you should know before going to mars.
these adverts by the norwegian association of the blind are hilarious.
a single man went on mumsnet to find a date and got seriously burned.
26 tell-tale symptoms that show you’re suffering from writer’s block.
a student spent three months dancing across china to a bruno mars song.
how money is made - documentary.
26 things british muslims know to be true.
indonesian volcano erupts for first time in 100 years.
einstein - documentary.
11 tremendously geeky facts about "goldeneye" on the n64.
egypt gets ready to vote “yes” for new constitution because “no” isn’t really seen as an option.
this lorde parody hilariously captures what it’s like to be in your thirties.
game of thrones season 4 trailer is here!.
the 27 best moments from the golden globe awards.
amy poehler and tina fey’s best moments of the 2014 golden globes.
14 things celebrities looked like at the golden globes.
20 ways to hold a golden globe.
jennifer lawrence’s golden globes dress has all of the internet "lawrencing".
this girl’s snapchats of celebrities at the golden globes are bizarre and hilarious.
