the most important rapper for every major city.
32 powerful and brutally honest tweets from #lifeofamuslimfeminist.
powerful dutch video shows how important service dogs can be to veterans with ptsd.
the 7 most (unintentionally) homoerotic vintage underwear ads.
17 things twentysomethings wish were true.
19 problems only people with straight hair will understand.
polar vortex geyser in subzero temperatures.
father of sandy hook shooter says he’ll turn over son’s medical records.
17 things only virgos know to be true.
match.com just invited a ton of straight men to gay ski week.
35 reasons why you need to get to know neville longbottom the corgi.
10 unbelievable facts i learned from guinness world records.
colorado’s response to stolen 420 signs is awesome.
23 vintage video games you won’t believe exist.
christie ally was told on day one lane closures were causing slow ems reponses.
protesters and police clash violently in ukraine again.
this corgi puppy’s first day at doggy daycare was exhausting.
hbo denies "true blood" movie rumors.
mormon church says leaders, facilities will not be used for same-sex marriages.
7 car hacks that will change your life.
40 movies that define los angeles.
what happened to the actors who played cavin on "the gummi bears"?.
7 sexy things guys do without realizing it.
9 celebrity tweets you missed today.
yes, my new year’s goal is to get in shape.
12 books to read while getting sober.
19 celebrity instagrams you need to see this week.
20 things you might not know were invented by women.
25 cats trying to make it through their twenties.
spectacular nasa image captures "hand of god".
why we should be grateful to have tom hanks walk among us.
the polar vortex caused people from maine to watch a lot more porn than usual.
15 grooming hacks that will make your life easier.
potatoes: you are doing it wrong.
25 awesomely illustrated netflix envelopes.
‘christmas jammies’ video gets hilariously parodied with new years panties.
this amazing mash-up combines two of britain’s greatest cultural gems.
the fifth of november.
the history of tina fey and amy poehler’s best friendship leads the daily links.
whisper app confessions you can probably relate to.
hilary duff separates from husband mike comrie.
the 35 happiest things that have ever happened.
praise pours in for pakistani teenager reported killed while stopping a suspected suicide bomber.
25 reasons your new year’s resolution is going to fail.
6 mildly rude things you would(n’t) consider doing on a bad day.
18 whisper app confessions that are a window to the soul.
christie scandal breaks through: leads local newspapers and broadcasts across country.
7 problems women have with india’s first gun for women.
booze and broccoli send costco shares soaring.
20 hilarious and ridiculous knock-off toys.
13 pieces of witchcraft that are actually science.
17 things you’re tired of hearing if you’re an only child.
this video of a clown burning a live pigeon in front of screaming children will literally ruin your day.
utahns rally at capitol in support of marriage equality.
aliens on earth - documentary.
8 songs you are ashamed that you love.
15 crucial items you need on your wedding day, according to pinterest.
the wolf of wall street: f***ing short version.
proof that blue ivy carter is her father’s daughter.
27 signs we are all tina belcher from “bob’s burgers”.
23 of the weirdest songs on soundcloud.
how to find your perfect mlbb.
"catching fire" is the first film with a female lead to top the annual box office in 40 years.
u.s. warns americans over security at sochi olympics.
this couple made one of the greatest baby announcement videos you’ll ever see.
scandal rocks new york city politics, mayor eats pizza with a fork and knife.
10 "girls" parodies worth watching.
9 feature stories we’re reading this week: a $500 house and the hazards of being female online.
why everyone should be talking about cece mcdonald.
19 breathtaking pieces of swag available at the u.s. senate gift shop.
25 things you didn’t know about the movie "fight club".
why your newborn is the most ancient human being.
10 weirdest topics on the show games & guns.
how animals get high in nature.
these adorable puppets teach you that no one is safe from the ravaging effects of time.
the abcs of #sochi2014.
24 reasons husbands can’t be trusted to do anything right.
28 reasons clair huxtable is perfection embodied.
"the simpsons" tribute to hayao miyazaki is filled with amazing references to his work.
thousands of people in west virginia have no water after chemical spill triggers disaster declaration.
lobbying talking points show insurer freak-out over potential obamacare provision repeal.
13 times chris hardwick called me out at #tca.
problems only anxious people will understand.
robert rodriguez explains this exclusive “from dusk till dawn: the series” photo.
these cute baby foxes were saved from being strangled by a goal net.
2014 philip k. dick award nominees.
senate reaches veto-proof majority on iran sanctions.
5 reasons beer pong is stupid, according to charles barkley.
why you should rebuild your twitter feed from scratch.
the new yorker is having a field day with the chris christie bridge scandal.
16 brutally honest greeting cards every twentysomething needs.
a reporter asked lena dunham why there’s so much nudity on “girls”.
brutal new democratic video turns christie’s personality against him.
why you should be skeptical of that viral “next generation graphics” video.
#mamaspike is the hilarious new meme you need in your life.
the 25 cutest corgi puppies currently online.
paralyzed dog walking with crocs and braces.
watch 5 mouth-watering moments from the "game of thrones" season 4 trailer.
proof that children are hilariously uncoordinated.
technology of the future.
maria menounos at the 2014 variety breakthrough of the year awards in las vegas.
kristen bell at the 2014 variety breakthrough of the year awards in las vegas.
michelle dockery at the gold and glamour event in los angeles.
bella thorne at the gold and glamour event in los angeles.
your mental sorbet: “where’s the beef!”.
cheryl burke at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
this is the only “the smiths” shirt that you need to own.
ashley rickards at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
sara bareilles at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
here’s what kim kardashian and nicole richie looked like during puberty.
allison williams at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
lucy hale at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
melissa joan hart at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
naya rivera at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
anna faris at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
tv confidential archives: show no. 215 with guests sue kesler, jude bradley and bob herron.
the 2 most important photos of glenn frey buying a nudie magazine.
queen latifah at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
sarah michelle gellar at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
nina dobrev at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
emily deschanel at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
kat dennings at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
jessica alba at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
sandra bullock at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
heidi klum at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
malin akerman at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
jennifer hudson at the 2014 people’s choice awards in l.a..
25 awesome demolition gifs.
this theater’s homemade sign for “the wolf of wall street” is amazing.
obama administration to recognize utah same-sex couples’ marriages.
10 teen girls who are toppling dystopian regimes.
this guy used a groupon to give his kitten a photo shoot at j.c. penney and oh my god it’s amazing.
“30 rock” actor gets engaged to his boyfriend at the taj mahal.
“real housewives” finally get the parody series it so deserves.
the 19 stages of your phone’s battery life.
18 things the cat of a twentysomething is thinking.
jennifer granholm to join obama campaign manager at priorities usa.
24 expensive things that aren’t worth the money.
33 reasons to love the cats of the middle east.
the 18 best beer names anyone has come up with.
fat people problems.
18 things you’re only afraid of if you live in geneva.
tnt basketball crew gets in funky-fresh groove with dank halftime drum circle.
our favorite moments of the people choice awards.
this guy’s plane crash selfie is incredible and also super terrifying.
the only question you need to ask yourself today.
28 people who revealed their greatest insecurities in a powerful photography project.
11 downton abbey crafts fit for a castle.
the 18 greatest celebrity pixie cuts of the past decade.
russian orthodox church spokesman endorses referendum to recriminalize homosexuality.
19 motivos pelos quais viver sozinho é a melhor coisa.
kristen wiig has a very awkward first date on "jimmy kimmel live".
after the death of their 12-year-old daughter, parents find the letter she wrote to her future self.
there is a cafe in london where you pay by the minute, and all the food is free.
23 movie moments that scarred you for life as a child.
16 thoughts everyone has while at the gym.
14 celebrity instagrams you may have missed this week.
the most disturbing picture of george osborne you’ll see today.
meet léa seydoux, your new dream bff.
only 74,000 jobs created in december, worst month since january 2011.
6 ways cats show their appreciation for you.
john mccain to hold january fundraiser for 2016 reelection.
29 signs you’ve studied abroad in barcelona.
transgender love story: arin and katie break up.
the nhs have released a new video encouraging people not to go to a & e for non-emergencies.
the 17 cutest ways to start your day.
if liz lemon and leslie knope co-hosted the golden globes.
which part of take me out are you?.
everything we know about emma watson’s new rugby player boyfriend.
the dangerous human.
something quite delightful happened during david attenborough’s reddit ama.
baby elephant trying out her trunk.
a 24-step guide to falling in love, as written by two 8-year-old girls.
french president françois hollande threatens legal action over claims of affair.
and now we know when “game of thrones” season 4 will hit uk screens.
these grandfathers getting married might just make you well up.
how geordie are you?.
happy birthday iphone. here are 8 things you killed!.
which animal is happiest on a trampoline? a highly scientific investigation.
if these celebrity couples had stayed together this is what their children might have looked like.
this fish catching a bird in mid-air is a bit scary.
announcer throws former nba player under the bus.
les 16 livres indispensables selon ernest hemingway.
11 reasons you are stoked for lindsay lohan’s reality show.
the 52 stages of a vegas trip.
