amazonsmile will help you make a difference.
why 2014 won’t be the year for new immigration laws.
28 images that depict the barest of humanity.
28 signs you went to unc chapel hill.
14 essential habits of highly successful procrastinators.
23 questions left unanswered in “cry baby”.
kim kardashian and blac chyna show off their best assets.
18 photos that prove sparklers are a must at your wedding.
how cold are you?.
18 reasons why you want marshall eriksen from "how i met your mother" to be your best friend.
14 corgis that don’t care it isn’t comic-con.
when is it ok to ask whether a public figure is gay?.
your group of friends as told by the characters of ‘toy story’..
how to grieve for a life that never began.
13 problems only uncoordinated people understand.
urban outfitters pulls “depression” crop-top from website after outcry.
proof that lorde is totally secretly in "the craft" coven.
10 things game of thrones fans go through..
jetblue did something awesome for a bunch of stranded new yorkers.
the boy whose skin fell off - documentary.
27 crucial wardrobe items you’ll need to start your very own boy band.
moms get creepy as hell in the new old spice ad.
the 13 most important moments of the 2014 “dancing on ice” launch.
6 truly terrifying pictures from mary maxim’s knitting patterns.
19 things pop culture addicts know to be true.
night of the living dead (1968).
the 15 stages of trying online dating for the first time.
the great train robbery - documentary.
harsh murder headline has jewish leaders weighing boycott of new york post.
8 leading ladies who chose between two really hot men.
google glass web series.
6 picks from the crawley’s book club.
gta 5 san andreas style [instrumental] - free music.
comic kevin nealon and leann rimes live-tweeted a plane crash in aspen.
“paranormal activity: the marked ones” scares up the lowest debut for the franchise.
this guy recorded one second each day of his crazy year and it’s pretty adorable.
22 things only soulcycle fans will understand.
the 16 stages of the stomach flu.
if you ask siri about "her," she throws some serious shade.
16 problems only invisible people will understand.
21 times skateboarders made you believe physics didn’t exist.
utah marriage equality opponents call for “uprising”.
what is air force life like? 12 posters that romanticize flight.
stefon from snl’s weekend update discusses his trip to rome.
why game of thrones needs to be back on my tv now.
a science teacher lost 37 pounds after eating nothing but mcdonald’s.
idris elba has a complicated and sexual relationship with bow ties.
are justin bieber and selena gomez back together again?.
25 things that happen when you’re 25.
19 animals who can’t believe their eyes right now.
which “oc” character are you?.
the most embarrassing moments of a girl’s life from ages 14 to 40.
29 unexpectedly awesome things about being pregnant.
14 alternate "catcher in the rye" covers.
look at these drunk christmas trees.
28 things the harry potter movies left out.
9 feature stories we’re reading this week: serpent handlers and a rivalry remembered.
how a single mother became the target of internet hate after meeting david cameron.
five north korean children playing guitars.
tens of thousands of african refugees are protesting for their rights in israel.
12 celebrities who have the most slappable faces.
the pope will visit the holy land in may.
at least eleven dead in bangladesh poll violence.
tom daley has shared his first photo with boyfriend dustin lance black and it’s the cutest.
this woman had a three-hour orgasm and ended up in hospital as a result.
i am bruce lee - documentary.
just some social media-themed cakes.
portuguese soccer legend eusebio has died.
britain scrambled a destroyer to challenge a russian warship last month.
the ashes are over and england have been absolutely destroyed.
