world’s greatest head massage?.
ranking the 13 most important celeb ponytails of the ’90s.
ke$ha enters rehab to treat an eating disorder.
the 15 best parts of being single in your thirties.
6 awesome reasons why you should you live in turkey.
15 people who are way worse at interior decorating than you.
the midwest is about to face the coldest arctic outbreak in decades.
what ’90s girls never realized about "a little princess".
dozens dead as al qaeda rebels capture key cities in western iraq.
10 steps to protect the hacked snapchat of your lil’ angel.
13 times jazz got thrown out on “the fresh prince of bel air”.
this picture of joe jonas, bald and with a cat shows a wonderful future for the star.
the 15 most memorable television proposals.
14 reasons why tom haverford is a marketing and public relations guru.
the first official “veronica mars” movie trailer is everything you dreamed it would be.
are you a psychopath?.
pastor andrew hamblin would rather die or go to jail than give up handling snakes.
16 reasons you should be rooting for the seattle seahawks to win the super bowl.
18 celebrity instagrams you need to see this week.
22 signs you’ve grown too comfortable with your internet addiction.
11 things every traveler should know when traveling to a foreign country.
nintendo 64 vs. xbox one.
house still divided on unemployment benefits extension.
come on take me over - free music.
15 las vegas hacks to help you survive sin city.
not here to make friends.
the “downton abbey” edition of clue leads the daily links.
why fangirls have the most productive snow days.
the 40 dumbest things drunk men have ever done.
39 reasons to be happy every day for 100 days.
syrian rebels wage new battle against al-qaeda affiliate.
30 mouthwatering american burgers to die for.
17 names that are impossible for babies to have.
alabama fan freaks out, attacks ou students with flying fists of fury during bowl game.
justice department squares off against nuns in supreme court challenge over birth control exemption.
a life without pain - documentary.
the chrome extension that bans the word "millennials".
10 halls of fame that somebody should establish.
19 pups who know how a snow day is done.
10 years roving the red planet.
the silver lining for fans of every nfl team that didn’t make the playoffs.
25 photos of james marsden that will help you get through this blizzard.
this may be the first kick of the 2014 fifa world cup.
7 things that make san francisco one of the most awesome cities ever.
the 21 stages of going back to work.
22 of the best extreme selfies.
season 4 of “downton abbey” is a bit of a downer.
nfl player torrey smith denies being homophobic after using slur on instagram.
president obama wants to expand gun buyer background checks on the mentally ill.
23 animals who are tired of this snow day already.
eric bana: dilf on a beach.
a man has been having a hilariously close friendship with applebee’s facebook page for months now.
8 reasons why working from home is the worst.
how do animals sound in other languages?.
is it just me or has no one noticed the background ppl behind jennifer lawrence in this gif?.
7 questions mtv’s “girl code” had about lesbians.
22 powerful images by dreamers: a window into life as an undocumented immigrant in america.
24 invaluable skills to learn for free online this year.
this guy is turning himself into a real live gap mannequin.
quiz: which disney prince is your true love?.
19 reasons rapunzel and flynn rider are the best disney couple.
read your way to an awesome 2014.
the documentary “blackfish” is causing more major problems for seaworld.
expert ways to deal with sexts.
7 snow and ice houses you’ve got to see to believe.
here’s how to be fierce on a snow day.
32 signs you grew up in south-west wales.
chris kluwe’s former teammate defends minnesota vikings coach, organization.
the heartwarming story of cher ami, the pigeon who saved 200 american soldiers.
revisiting resolutions, 10 years later.
bernie sanders wants to know if the nsa is spying on congress.
celebrity real estate: katy perry, reese witherspoon & leonardo dicaprio.
how well 11 startups justify their worth.
fact: dylan mcdermott is the hottest 52-year-old currently living.
42 bear gifs that will give you life in 2014.
38 stunning photos to get you excited about snow.
vladimir putin’s snow day is better than yours.
listen to the adorable voicemail pope francis left for some nuns.
the very weird handwriting of very famous authors.
a video ode to kimye’s love.
19 signs you are really impatient.
things you do drunk that’d be creepy if you did them sober.
11 great bookstore names and how they got them.
19 conversation tips for the awkward.
hercules may cost retailers upwards of $245 million in lost sales.
29 photos of the cast of “downton abbey” being totally un-downton-like.
bill de blasio gives a little strip tease during winter storm press conference.
here’s adam scott talking at length about pooping your pants.
20 bold, insane sports predictions for 2014.
tv confidential archives: show no. 214 with guests lenny venito and simon templeman.
sorry, not sorry.
to thine own self be (sometimes) true.
does twitter know ezra klein’s next move?.
whose line is it anyway? a quiz on quotes from famous books.
your mental sorbet: garth brooks - allentown / goodnight saigon - kennedy center honors billy joel.
23 reasons zoe hart and wade need to get back together.
daily prophet book review.
16 creative ways to work out if you live in nyc.
21 times “community” got its groove back.
a humble reminder that you’re not the center of the universe.
15 photos of the east coast snowstorm that will make you forget it was actually terrible.
same-sex couples urge supreme court to let utah weddings continue during appeal.
24 next level bonkers science gifs.
big three automakers have disappointing december, but sell over 7 million in 2013.
31 healthy and delicious ways to cook with chia seeds.
which "will & grace" character are you?.
36 genius ways to hide the eyesores in your home.
celebrate the “downton abbey” season 4 premiere in the most grantham way possible.
see the alleged ufo spotted over california on new year’s eve.
late night with seth meyers.
three photos of stoner david brooks in high school.
create your own pokémon in 4 easy steps.
the 25 best moments of the "veronica mars" movie trailer.
18 things celebrities did this week.
jennifer hudson bought her assistant a house and he reacted appropriately.
17 things to look forward to now that the holidays are over.
the only gif you need to see today.
omg, these talking eggs.
who will replace thomas roberts on msnbc at 11 o’clock?.
justin bieber and selena gomez spotted on segways together.
morrissey: “i see no difference between eating meat and paedophilia”.
this is the most inspirational video of a hamburger you’ll ever see.
25 universal horrors of hair removal.
these people still lined up for cronuts in the snow and freezing cold.
5 easy ways to be a tad bit happier in the new year.
lies we’re told when searching for jobs.
you’re as cold as ice.
down goes alabama! oklahoma slays college football’s dragon.
27 geektastic keychains for all your favorite fandoms.
19 perks of having an artsy best friend.
17 struggles of having a common name.
america vs. britain: twitter decides who is better.
the uk’s severe weather and floods as captured by instagram.
this corgi’s sad noises are too adorable.
the craigslist ad the nfl doesn’t want you to see.
twitter’s biggest problem illustrated in one chart.
someone has recreated the full “reservoir dogs” script on twitter and it’s amazing.
definitive proof david gandy is actually dean gaffney.
the real ages of ’00s movie teenagers.
russian crystal maiden.
time travellers don’t use twitter, according to scientific study.
i guarantee you will not be looking at miley cyrus in this photo.
the 8 kinds of people who do dry january.
what yahoo answers can teach us about humanity.
the disappearing tree.
cute fluffy soft caterpillar.
a lot of people in canada are experiencing mysterious “frost quakes”.
wild turkey versus delivery man.
hand feeding a fox.
here’s what happens when you get adults to do a school science test.
this man keeps getting arrested because he’s addicted to drinking petrol.
british national party leader nick griffin declared bankrupt.
16 reasons why you secretly love tom daley’s "splash!".
which s club 7 member are you?.
the most followed artists on twitter & the real reasons why people do.
proof that the demon from "paranormal activity" obviously had a super crush on every single person.
5 buzzfeed lists that (shockingly) don’t exist.
