this is what happens when a politician pisses off the internet.
why i bought a house in detroit for $500.
18 sad songs for chris christie.
a volcano with blue lava.
missing son of boston globe columnist found safe in times square.
the legacy of the "boys don’t cry" hate crime 20 years later.
california’s spending could reach record heights under new budget proposal.
pygmy hippo calf takes her first swim.
six reasons as to why my hatred of cheese is perfectly acceptable.
this guy proposed to his girlfriend at whole foods a year after meeting her at register two.
you need to see this polar bear cub’s first steps.
looking at a tardis in a whole new way.
“girls” is coming back for a fourth season.
8 times ‘a current affair’ changed the way we look at the world.
14 things you didn’t even realize you stopped doing.
10 things you never knew about new order’s "blue monday".
24 early britney outfits you can’t unsee.
24 ways you might be a hoarder.
have you ever heard sir patrick stewart moo?.
harry reid just made a whole bunch of republicans angry over unemployment benefits.
25 signs you went to nyu before it was trendy.
egypt extends detention of four al jazeera journalists.
the cast of hbo’s “girls” as american girl dolls.
10 child stars who secretly got unbelievably hot.
season 4 of "game of thrones" finally has a launch date.
12 quotes from the late amiri baraka.
24 things you wish you could put on your resumé.
fema denies aid request for illinois towns devastated by tornadoes.
22 reasons you should never step into an mma ring.
amazing snow art.
fort lee mayor accepts christie’s apology.
the 25 sexiest celebrity cougars.
12 wickedly beautiful perfume bottles inspired by iconic disney villains.
why getting a mortgage today is better than 40 years ago.
2016 gop contenders and their biggest scandals to date.
kraft’s earnings could melt from velveeta shortage.
this is what the “polar vortex” really did to a lake michigan lighthouse.
is it just me or are mormons not really that upset over the utah marriage ruling?.
38 of the most hilarious fast food sign fails lead the daily links.
the 8 email mailing lists everyone hates the most.
the chris christie bridge scandal, as explained by "game of thrones".
the 50 weirdest city names in all 50 states.
find out which nba team you should be rooting for.
16 works that ernest hemingway thought a young writer should read.
these cartoons capture egyptians’ fear and fatigue over upcoming constitutional vote.
the 5 worst redskins fans.
23 nights every girl has had at london’s candy bar.
there is a "mean girls" jewelry line coming out and it is so fetch.
laverne cox "grateful" for controversial katie couric interview.
this burrito vending machine is perhaps the height of human achievement.
15 reasons january is actually the best month of the year.
indian diplomat who was strip-searched is indicted by grand jury on visa fraud.
in case you forgot, there is a harry potter character named elphias doge.
watch this man call an entire herd of deer over for breakfast.
7 epic winter weather experiments to spice up your snow day.
instagram caption or philosophical quote?.
what age are you, really?.
naked alexander skarsgard sitting on things is the meme you’ve always wanted.
gwyneth paltrow is selling overpriced organic sidewalk lemonade.
if the cast of “parks and recreation” had amazon wishlists, they might look like this.
if you need a hug today then watch this cat give an adorable cuddle.
23 reasons you wish danny castellano were your boyfriend.
12 puppy pictures that will turn a bad day into a good one.
18 reasons to get pumped for awards season.
the “orange is the new black” cast looks flawless in elle.
india’s luge athlete sped down a himalayan highway to train for the olympics.
watch a 120-pound woman devour a steak bigger than her head in under three minutes.
grammy real talk: what you can expect to see and not to see on january 26th.
38 reasons the fbi needs to leave juggalos alone.
cold-weather tricks you need to see.
11 quotes said to sexual assault survivors by their family members.
10 reactions to health nuts on your facebook news feed.
there’s an instagram account that pairs clothing with exhibits in art museums and it’s really neat.
watch a 9th grader give obama one of the best intros he’s ever had.
politico calls christie “man who makes no apology” three minutes too late.
staples accused of cutting employee hours ahead of obamacare.
how many 95-year-olds do you know write songs about marriage equality?.
this is how diamonds are made - documentary.
these hunger games inspired wedding dresses will make you wish you were getting married asap.
how microsoft’s ceo search is eerily similar to yahoo’s.
"batman" visits brazilian slum where residents are being kicked out of their homes before the world cup.
19 reasons why being a knicks fan is worse than being eaten alive by werewolves.
11 terrifyingly violent illustrations of classic childhood characters.
check out this twitter that shares insanely beautiful historic photos.
10 cards against humanities cards you didn’t know you needed.
why tina fey and amy poehler will once again be perfect golden globe hosts.
the kittens & the sandals - a love story.
house gop will address fate of 11 million undocumented immigrants in ‘principles’.
23 things the new person you’re dating is hiding.
15 jokes only downton fans would appreciate.
117 buffyverse characters, ranked from worst to best.
tell us about yourself(ie): farrah abraham.
why conservatives aren’t rushing to chris christie’s defense.
dennis rodman spokesman: other players’ attitudes caused cnn meltdown in north korea.
23 animals who are completely over their new years resolutions.
the 19 types of people you see at every college party.
13 reasons taylor swift should date uncle si from “duck dynasty”.
ringo starr recorded the most adorable song for the new "powerpuff girls" show.
39 times neal caffrey was the sexiest man on tv.
anne hathaway’s husband has no problem putting his mouth on her toes.
finding an ’80s taiwan in “on such a full sea”.
the definitive ranking of all 131 baby-sitter’s club cover outfits.
35 bizarre magazine ads.
5 date ideas to try this weekend.
federal government should accept utah same-sex marriages, human rights campaign urges.
see original artwork for "the little prince" in all its ragged glory.
20 things germaphobes are terrified of.
play the communication choose your own adventure.
20 things you probably didn’t know about the wizarding world of harry potter.
new jersey democrats who endorsed christie stand by their man.
christie ally repeatedly takes 5th amendment during committee testimony on bridge scandal.
proof that ian somerhalder and nina dobrev are the most perfect (not to mention sexiest) exes on the planet.
can plants think?.
these beautiful photos show what niagara falls looks like when it actually freezes.
bastille storm the british embassy.
a guy made his girlfriend this amazing music video because she couldn’t go backpacking with him.
21 things to do spring semester in boston before graduation.
the official britpop album ranking, 1993-1997.
6 tweets that describe chris christie’s press conference.
9 tv shows you can stream only on amazon prime.
five reasons to fill out the fafsa.
the top 15 insane things that you won’t believe are in my apartment right now.
a hilarious and honest look at what it’s like to work in a kitchen.
creigh deeds, virginia politician brutally attacked by son, returns to state senate.
christie on woman who died after slow ems response: “it’s awful….i can’t reverse time”.
6 models who are changing the ‘size’ game.
22 awesome things about being 22.
sofia vergara and jimmy kimmel read mean internet comments about each other.
10 artists that are technically one hit wonders.
21 things you should throw away right now.
27 reasons cauliflower deserves your love and loyalty.
breaking down minute-by-minute cable news’ coverage of the chris christie bridge scandal.
daisy coleman’s alleged rapist gets two years of probation, no sexual assault charges.
15 stages of dealing with those scary january bills.
the most depressing job on the starship enterprise.
the 10 most iconic screen outfits of all time.
21 truly upsetting vintage recipes.
chris christie: there may still have been a traffic study.
this chinese millionaire has the most ridiculous business card.
everything must go: visiting the last blockbuster video stores.
britney spears is not fat so shut up and sit down.
stop whatever it is you’re doing and watch this polar bear cub take his first steps.
this church sign perfectly sums up how you feel about the cold weather.
obama aide’s gambling gig makes trouble in london.
ellen degeneres addresses your obsession with dry shampoo.
new jersey gov. chris christie denies knowledge, involvement in bridge scandal.
12 soothing pictures of white whales dancing with people.
is the internet’s most baffling mystery about to be solved?.
12 easy versions of the hard new years resolutions you’re realizing you can’t keep.
20 steps to living your life like lily tomlin.
18 reasons you should switch to the menstrual cup.
why the christie mess is even worse for him than it seems.
27 baby animals that will instantly make your day better.
14 of the most baffling journalist requests ever.
this woman has the longest legs in russia.
it’s so hot in rio de janeiro right now that zoo animals are being fed popsicles.
the great xbox one voice command trolling epidemic has begun.
christopher lloyd wore google glass while standing next to the delorean.
12 hours in the life of prince william as a new student.
star trek blooper trailer.
25 reasons marks and spencer is heaven on earth.
pug and baby can’t share a cookie.
19 lingering questions from archie comics.
19 reasons living alone is the best.
23 things you missed at the people’s choice awards.
14 of the best handmade “radiant orchid” stuff you can own.
here’s proof that having a beard makes you more employable.
conjoined whale calves found in mexican lagoon.
proof that comic sans ruins everything.
8 ways to make the third "sex and the city "movie amazing.
21 dogs perfecting the art of air swimming.
all the geeky derps you could ever want.
the 22 types of rhyming dads.
perrie edwards proves she’s the best fiancée ever by taking zayn malik to disneyland paris for his 21st.
democratic senator stalls controversial obama ambassador.
the 21 most delightful moments in the life of a british person.
19 perfect minimalist rap posters.
a student sliced off his own penis while high on mephedrone.
paragliders see pakistan from a new angle.
a local pizzeria in florida serves pizza with python meat on it.
working with bunnies.
the assassins - documentary.
i am not tina fey - that’s what tina fey would say.
21 signs you are in “scandal” withdrawal.
32 reasons kate middleton is the most perfect human being alive.
why your obsession with inbox zero is ruining your life.
5 of the original pitches for 5 awesome tv shows.
inside the mind of a mafia hitman - the iceman tapes.
anyone who has claimed housing benefit since before 1996 is exempt from the “bedroom tax”.
22 moments of pure smoothness on tumblr.
the lego simpsons set has arrived and it looks amazing.
stephen moffat says the whole of “sherlock” series 4 and 5 are plotted out.
a definitive ranking of the 30 most attractive male soccer players.
18 ways juicing is taking over your life.
15 bizarre sci-fi and horror anthology shows you probably forgot about.
20 signs you’re obsessed with your cat.
10 reasons why you need to watch "true detective" on hbo.
the university of texas’ first black football coach is its next best chance at racial reconciliation.
the 19 times buzzfeed lamented the loss of surge.
15 amazing photos of philippines’ feast of the black nazarene.
42 ways to up your pancake game.
miracles do come true: outkast is reuniting for coachella.
siri changes answers about the movie “her,” is still hilarious.
ellen degeneres was the best part of this year’s people’s choice awards.
11 nfl players who sound like they belong in “game of thrones”.
a love society will not accept, in pictures.
