3 big questions about the 1,360 same-sex couples married in utah.
fashion at the 2014 people’s choice awards.
mike piazza getting snubbed by baseball hall of fame voters is a damn travesty.
justin timberlake went to taco bell after the people’s choice awards.
here’s how people in muslim countries want women to dress in public.
drew barrymore reminds the world that she’s hollywood’s original “quirky girl”.
anti-abortion republicans are largely quiet as israel adopts liberal abortion law.
justin timberlake said something sweet about jessica biel in his people’s choice awards speech.
why do so many delicious foods start with the letter c?.
so you want to give up red meat.
30 signs you went to the university of new mexico.
28 things you’re only afraid of if you live in chicago.
21 facts of life after college:.
why jack frost and elsa would make the cutest couple.
this sunny-side up egg is a better rapper than you.
tisha campbell’s wedding video is the perfect portrait of black pop culture in the ’90s.
did you know sylvia plath once went platinum blonde?.
why “the secret garden” is one of the most depressing kids’ movies.
25 beautiful quotes about snow.
don’t share these photos of a frozen niagara falls, they’re old.
illinois movie theater posts amazing "frozen" marquee.
freelancing dreams vs. reality.
three abducted journalists in syria have been freed.
15 photos that prove ja’mie king can do anything.
this little girl’s request for a dragon came true.
did “frontline” go too far?.
30 times you wanted to smack the smug off the new england patriots’ faces.
27 signs you suffer from shy girl syndrome.
the most popular music of 2013 isn’t quite what you’d expect.
26 things you need to do before you graduate high school.
troian bellisario attends the seventeen magazine unveiling in new york city.
powerful anti-speeding commercial will rip your damn heart out.
kristen wiig premiere of ifc’s ‘the spoils of babylon” in l.a..
heather graham at universal studios in california.
emmy rossum leaving dinner in beverly hills.
astros fans, again, are collateral damage in hall of fame voters’ temper tantrum.
16 vietnamese restaurants obsessed with puns.
someone stole lindsay lohan’s laptop (and it has dirty pictures on it).
kangaroos are actually disgusting: and this is why.
permanent marker t-shirt - super glue challenge - tickle torture | top challenges #27.
everything you need to know about mindy kaling’s elle magazine controversy.
heritage scholar slams marco rubio’s anti-poverty speech.
inside the mind of hannibal buress, comedy’s biggest risk-taker.
melissa mark-viverito is first latino to be named city council speaker in new york city.
10 weird facts that will make you question everything.
new york governor outlines medical marijuana pilot program.
15 signs you go to a "ring by spring" school.
artist quotes from this week’s designers!.
26 things that happen when your significant other is out of town.
beyoncé and kelly rowland crashed some girl’s karaoke party.
macy’s laying off 2,500 employees.
25 signs you’re about to turn 25.
18 ways to get involved at your kid’s school.
10 women to watch out for on stage in 2014.
29 delicious whole wheat pasta dishes.
this awesome timelapse shows exactly what 100 days at the gym looks like.
the curious case of yahoo’s app reviews.
every single curse word in “the wolf of wall street” leads the daily links.
18 ways to make the best of your twenties.
18 body positive style bloggers you should be following.
10 things orlando jones would give you if he were oprah.
white house: global warming caused the polar vortex.
47 signs you’ll only see in australia.
an iranian artist asked 50 people in tehran “if you could do anything you wanted, what would you do?”.
35 foods from your childhood that are extinct now.
24 crazy things that have already happened this year in florida.
this is what it’d be like if your mom was your gps.
20 californians throwing the good weather in everyone else’s face.
7 reasons why tim tebow is actually a great fit for espn.
"saturday night live" hires lakendra tookes and leslie jones, both african-american women.
9 surprising facts about ebay.
13 signs you’re at a liberal school.
the 23 laziest things that have ever happened.
13 signs you’re at a conservative school.
woman gets dirty during man on the street sex interview.
the one thing you somehow didn’t notice in "austin powers" as a kid.
these creative snapchats between friends will make you want to up your texting game.
beth behrs "accidentally" grabbed kat dennings’ boob.
47 iconic album covers recreated with legos.
notebook full of gorgeous middle earth art.
white house denies obama’s opposition to iraq surge was based on politics.
this whovian made a tardis that’s bigger on the inside.
the 26 items every woman needs in her wardrobe.
12 vintage photos of nyc in winter that will warm your heart.
new “suits” trailer serves up jaw-dropping betrayal.
17 legendary tv shows every 20-something must binge-watch..
j.c. penney’s numbers-free sales update viewed as bad news.
10 reasons why you are annoying after traveling abroad for over a year.
the 10 shows you’ll watch on netflix.
effort to repeal new california transgender protections law to move forward.
25 ways to know you’re a true carolina panthers fan.
video: when christie mocked the bridge scandal and joked about personal involvement.
6 reasons to see pitfeed in nyc on january 30th.
14 signs that you are a film snob.
how cats plan on taking over the universe.
how a sweat lodge cured my crippling anxiety.
we taste-tested the stephen curry-endorsed flavored mouthguard line so you don’t have to.
"archer" cast posts nude pictures on reddit’s gonewild.
nick clegg is making eyes at ed balls by tweeting “ed balls”.
the 8 most awkward family dinner conversations.
orlando bloom giggles like a cute little school girl….
6 people you probably should not invite on a hunting trip.
13 lies you believe until you examine your finances.
facebook knows all your posting tricks — and how well they work.
the 27 greatest things that could ever happen to a new yorker.
were michelle rodriguez and cara delevingne really drunk at the knicks game?.
lake michigan has turned into a sea of ice balls.
utah marriages of same-sex couples “on hold” pending appeal, governor’s office says.
this us rap video filmed in north korea.
aubrey plaza plays the saxophone in this band’s music video.
17 things you will love or hate in south korea.
two dead after u.s. navy helicopter crashes off virginia coast.
insane clown posse filed a lawsuit with the fbi to defend their fans.
how to not be a dick on the internet as told by orlando jones.
12 movies from the 1980’s that non-intentionally haunted your childhood.
man killed by “atomic wedgie” in oklahoma.
reminder: lady gaga has one of the best voices in music.
33 things you probably didn’t know about disney parks.
why empathy is better than sympathy.
watch this micro pig succeed at keeping resolutions.
17 emotional highs and lows of buying textbooks.
russian actor who called for burning gays alive calls for recriminalization of homosexuality.
doug dorst: “it’s the physical fact of the book itself”.
the year of the auter.
warm your soul as beach-goers in california get snowballs thrown at them.
chamber of commerce promises to make opponents pay come november.
who owns walt whitman?.
kris jenner posts a full body bikini pic on instagram.
louis ck one.
21 cats who are secretly excellent readers.
13 images showing what life is like for gay and lesbian russians far from moscow.
what happens when a finance company makes a video game.
13 steps of conflict resolution with bravo’s biggest divas.
john green tests 30 life hacks found on the internet.
9 ways to protect yourself in the event of alien abduction.
this is what kim kardashian’s baby daughter will look like at 21.
the friendship between this abandoned dog and paralyzed cat will melt your heart.
clinton once criticized iraq policy being driven by politics.
16 books to read before they hit theaters this year.
7 movies that should have starred orlando jones.
gabby giffords was shot in the head three years ago; today she’s going skydiving.
in case you were wondering, this is what it looks like when you pee in a polar vortex.
the 10 things every fictional bastard needs.
15 reasons coconut oil is your best friend.
what “are you afraid of the dark” episodes might be like in 2014.
canada’s former defense minister has confirmed that aliens exist.
alexander skarsgård naked on a toilet in the freezing tundra.
even fox news employees think ann coulter works for fox news.
12 ways you’ll actually enjoy eating more greens in 2014.
36 bodies para o bebê mais legal que você conhece.
12 life lessons we can learn from dolphins.
the 22 biggest assholes leonardo dicaprio has ever played.
18 things (and 3 penises) you can draw while running.
17 kids who have better style than you.
student’s honest exam answer is hilarious, teacher’s response is even better.
rihanna took cara delevingne to her first basketball game and she loved every second.
why life isn’t like a movie.
transgender model: “i want to be miss world”.
mariah carey and nick cannon cover "ebony" magazine.
13 gothic fragrances (for him).
it looks like the world record for skinny dipping has just been broken.
family of imprisoned american “outraged” by rodman comments in north korea.
these semi-naked “priests” want to challenge your opinion of the orthodox church.
22 things from 1994 that will make you feel old.
19 snowy animals that will make your heart and the ice melt.
18 questions i asked myself when i watched “the simpsons” for the first time.
25 things you’ll experience working a ski season.
20 things you should probably have stopped doing by now.
rainbow cat poledance party.
it finally happened. hell has literally frozen over.
20 ways to survive in the real housewives of beverly hills.
the 44 best songs of 1994 according to "now that’s what i call music!".
you’re engilsh are still not gunna da dogz lol - part 2.
footballer thomas hitzlsperger announces that he is gay.
the mystery of this giant amazon package has been solved.
11 things i learnt at my first voga (that’s yoga + voguing) class.
an important and definitive ranking of david bowie’s hairstyles over the years.
the twitter muppet movie trailer is really quite special.
7 movie posters improved by one-star amazon reviews.
matt prior saved a man’s life during england’s ashes tour to australia.
23 signs your ready to go back to school from winter break..
‘what i be’ true insecurities.
it’s david bowie’s birthday and the internet is very excited about it.
why you should be watching “almost human”.
pornhub just released its data on uk viewing habits.
there’s a wonderful "doctor who" tribute at this tube stop today.
how to get your favorite character style from hbo’s ” girls”.
shia labeouf tweets a cease and desist letter allegedly from daniel clowes’ lawyers.
22 reasons rachel from “friends” would make an awesome bff.
12 reasons we can’t wait for kimye’s 2014 wedding.
27 photos of david tennant that will make your panties drop..
18 surefire signs you are a psychology major.
this rap is super average.
