24 tampons that send a powerful political message.
kenneth bae’s sister "shocked and outraged" by rodman’s comments.
14 songs to warm you up during the polar vortex.
going out on friday night in your 20’s as told by “the hills”.
13 pregnant women detained by ice in texas during four-month period in 2013.
dozens of former nyc workers charged with faking illness to collect disability benefits.
louis c.k. revealed the end of the ice fishing story from "american hustle".
17 signs you’re grace adler.
23 movies that are turning 20 years old in 2014.
ready for hillary raised more than $4 million in 2013.
a flight attendant did the entire virgin america safety dance on an actual flight.
24 alternatives to mcdonald’s breakfast.
if you were wondering what life in la was like….
mr. freeze puns ranked from horrible to most horrible.
21 things that made you anxious as hell when you were a kid.
fox host claims all nigerians are scammers and iranians feed their children to dogs.
music lessons from everyday rock stars.
trans women carmen carrera and laverne cox handle a cringeworthy interview with katie couric flawlessly.
10 movies to get you hooked on something weird video.
white house defends joe biden against book by former defense secretary.
8 celebrity tweets you missed today.
u.s. air force helicopter crashes in england, four crew members dead.
how a monkey in a toilet helped me find god.
25 times anna kendrick was painfully accurate.
why a chinese tycoon’s plans to buy the new york times aren’t (totally) insane.
14 celebrities who don’t necessarily want kids.
30 gifs of hot guys cuddling puppies to make you smile.
kaley cuoco’s wedding video is very kaley cuoco.
obama cares.
karlie kloss at the ‘girls’ season three premiere in new york city.
zosia mamet at the ‘girls’ season three premiere in new york city.
allison williams at the ‘girls’ season three premiere in new york city.
jemima kirke at the ‘girls’ season three premiere in new york city.
lena dunham at the ‘girls’ season three premiere in new york city.
9 videos that show how isis violence has spread around syria and iraq.
dr. seuss facts you never knew that are truer than truer.
15 pictures of human flexibility that will shock & inspire you.
and now for misha collins flirting with william shatner.
tumblr reacts to “sherlock’s” “the sign of three”.
extending unemployment benefits is still going to be a long, tough slog.
15 australian sports stars that look like shar pei.
28 ways we can all be more like ja’mie king.
zac efron went skateboarding through a grocery store.
18 people who became sudden geniuses while high.
the 10 best alternatives to ivy league colleges lead the daily links.
this hilarious parody of disney’s "frozen" will instantly be relatable to altos everywhere.
woman creates ‘worst online dating profile ever’  men still cant resist.
#1 piece of advice from cyberbullying lecturer and author.
29 things only movie extras can relate to.
internet trolls are trying to make the #bikinibridges trend go viral and it’s unfortunately working.
conor oberst accused of raping teenager 10 years ago, denies allegations.
10 facts you need to know about the great lakes.
11 highly accurate comics about smartphones.
television’s 20 biggest liars.
this congressman uses d.c.’s freezing weather as an excuse to look fabulous.
14 things 2014 should be the death of.
25 best things that could possibly happen to someone from los angeles.
amsterdam venue cancels concert by jamaican dancehall star over anti-gay remarks.
father of syria’s protest poster movement tours u.s. amid spiraling violence.
the joy of bundt cake.
20 videos of bubbles crystalizing in freezing temperatures.
i nuked my twitter feed and you should too.
23 symptoms of study abroad withdrawal.
28 fruits and vegetables that you had no idea grew like that.
these teenage sisters singing beyoncé’s "pretty hurts" is the best thing you’ll ever hear.
why “coyote ugly” is an underrated cinematic classic.
21 google book scans that bring surprising intimacy to the digital book world.
proof that there’s a jew inside harry styles just waiting to grow wings and fly.
someone get cnn’s stephanie elam some hot chocolate and a pat on the back.
the viral video of a reporter on live tv saying he’d have sex with a kidnapped woman is a hoax.
banana crates full of cocaine accidentally delivered to german supermarkets.
13 returning tv shows to get excited about.
zen and the art of run run shaw.
this “pretty hurts” cover is so good it hurts.
50 reasons why nicolas cage is the greatest creature who has ever lived.
14 lgbt films that need to be added to netflix instant streaming right now.
the top 10 tees of 2014.
a dozen foods that burn more calories than they contain!.
9 special collectibles from disgraced companies you can buy on ebay.
16 white men that could, in fact, jump.
a youtube channel with a different take on modern songs.
16 little books to read on long journeys.
after a waitress was diagnosed with a brain tumor, her boss is selling his restaurant to pay for the medical bills.
12 propagandas dos anos 80 para você viajar no tempo.
15 reasons arizona should take steven seagal seriously as a candidate for governor.
apple’s $10 billion side business.
17 signs winter is killing you softly.
los angeles county sheriff announces he’s stepping down before end of term.
19 unforgettable moments from the ultimate karl stefanovic fan fiction.
7 google secrets you need to see.
jay z gave a young fan a chance to rap during his concert.
finally there is an “alien” game that is actually like the movies.
10 life lessons to kickoff 2k14.
8 jaw-dropping pictures of the polar vortex.
this photo going viral of a frozen lighthouse is not from the polar vortex.
amazing bird creates powerful dog art you need to see right now.
former miss venezuela monica spear shot and killed along with husband.
how to become an snl castmember in 8 easy steps.
this olympics ad will make you want to call your mom.
meet bao bao, the baby panda of the smithsonian national zoo.
obama defends long-term unemployed as he pushes for benefits extension.
alex trebek rapped an entire “jeopardy” category last night.
20 things college freshmen struggle with.
tell us about yourself(ie): nicole anderson.
whistling supercut music video.
devastating cold from “polar vortex” continues to affect more than 180 million.
27 unspoken suit rules every man should know.
this hilarious prank proves that you should never fall asleep at a party.
this is what happens when you give neil patrick harris endless margaritas.
leonardo dicaprio casually mentions that he survived a shark attack.
pope francis hangs out with a baby sheep, hard to say which one is cuter.
12 things aspiring creatives will totally understand.
a six-year-old lena dunham thought “conga” was the most beautiful song ever.
homemade safari: incredible drone footage of serengeti wildlife.
15 things that really deserve the name “polar vortex”.
31 things to warm your heart on this cold day.
hockey player goes for late hit, knocks himself out.
are your ready for the new season of pretty little liars?.
a star trek fan spent $30,000 turning her basement into the starship enterprise.
the coming collision between andrew cuomo and bill de blasio.
one hundred years of weird fear.
27 everyday situations that are excruciatingly difficult for shy people.
this little kid listening to "wrecking ball" is all of us listening to "wrecking ball".
hugh jackman has a mullet now.
12 signs you are not getting the job.
la versión de wrecking ball que faltaba.
this extremely chilling video will make you a much more careful driver.
this german igloo village is your new dream holiday destination.
10 great reads that will help you keep your new year’s resolutions.
a mom and her 11-year-old daughter have been directing each other in an adorable photography project.
17 nicolas cage-inspired items you deserve to own.
29 coisas inesperadamente incríveis sobre estar grávida.
29 cosas inesperadamente asombrosas acerca de estar embarazada.
jpmorgan to pay more than $2.2 billion to bernie madoff fraud victims.
meet peeps, the duckling who was raised in a beard.
26 hilarious french translations of hollywood movie titles.
9 brilliant video game inventions you wish existed in real life.
19 problems only people who don’t eat cheese will understand.
purple is the best lip color of all time.
10 things you’d rather be doing than walking to work in 5° weather.
dennis rodman apologizes after freaking out on cnn, admits he had been drinking.
new government guidelines say massage parlours can be offered incentives to take on young jobseekers.
lindsay lohan at the 2nd sohu fashion achievement awards ceremony in shanghai.
looking back at "the real world: san francisco," the show that changed the world.
here’s everything we know about the man who tried to have sex with a train drinks trolley.
11 things to help you if your new years resolution is to smoke more pot.
19 most bizarre moments from “secrets of the living dolls”.
10 excerpts from the diary of a sriracha addict.
21 classic lines from your favorite black films that you absolutely have to mimic every time you watch.
lindsey vonn won’t be competing in the sochi olympics.
14 people stuck in really stupid places.
la vida antes de los perros comparado con la vida después de los perros.
ranking all 27 limo introductions from "the bachelor" season premeire.
english village to change its name to king’s landing in honour of "game of thrones".
a guide to taking your parrot for a walk.
israel outlaws revenge porn.
5 ways to survive a panic attack.
11 bulletproof ways to get through diet season.
the many faces of stanley tucci.
the taliban deny involving a 10-year-old girl in a suicide bomb attempt.
"sherlock: the sign of three" as an 8-bit video game.
24 signs you were a teenage boyzone obsessive.
19 reasons i’m grateful my dad is gay.
we asked 18 people to write down what they think about politicians and it wasn’t pretty.
eton has banned its pupils from using snapchat.
the great english dialect quiz.
18 signs you’re the youngest person in the office.
you’re engilsh are not gunna da dogz lol - part 1.
16 places you should (or shouldn’t) live in london.
vine is creating a new breed of internet superstar.
worst to best: a ranking of every movie released in december 2013.
miller the clever guide dog knows how to use traffic lights.
there was an interesting typo on the guardian website this morning.
this is the cutest puppy video of the day.
5 fad diets to avoid this january.
this dog thinks he’s a siren.
the 22 horrible stages of filling in your self-assessment tax return.
neil patrick harris (barney) fait les 400 coups au mexique.
the 9 empire records products you have to buy on etsy today.
china and japan are abusing each other using "harry potter" insults.
it’s freezing and you’re a weak human.
embattled los angeles sheriff lee baca expected to retire, reports say.
watch the "parks and rec" cast adorably celebrate their 100th episode.
t-mobile’s ceo crashed an at&t party in vegas and was thrown out.
42 chansons qui auront 10 ans cette année.
florida state wins national championship in all-time thriller.
15 helpful charts every new yorker needs.
the "world’s ugliest woman" is far from ugly.
