call it a comeback: colts storm back to stun chiefs in playoff opener.
8 things i learned during my solo adventure to paris.
new york will loosen its marijuana laws, according to report.
living in new york as a child vs. as an adult.
is the nsa spying on you?.
rob ford “best mayor ever” pot legal money not? and more!.
danny dyer hits out at homophobic comments on twitter!.
12 signs you were in an a capella group.
texas mayor declares 2014 will be his town’s “year of the bible”.
23 photos that prove hairless cats are actually adorable.
dennis rodman will bring six other ex-nba players to north korea.
9 videos you can’t miss this week.
winnie the pooh’s next vacation spot: colorado.
these adorable girls claim they accept bitcoins at their lemonade stand.
everything you ever wanted to know about redheads.
this teacher got the best bonus ever.
a small plane made an emergency landing on a new york city expressway.
19 signs you’re a complete disaster.
honoring heroic women of 2013.
23 photos that prove new england is the ultimate winter wonderland.
inside the only library in the world that has computers instead of books.
lena dunham and shia labeouf got in a twitter fight about his skywriting apology.
comedian natasha leggero won’t apologize for pearl harbor joke during new year’s broadcast.
disturbing facts about organic food.
style resolutions inspired by hit songs.
the last year in sports was unpredictable, spectacular, and (usually) fantastic — just like every year.
22 masterfully sculpted heinies.
the “baby-sitters club” guide to babysitting.
12 outdated items every twentysomething should own.
11 surprising facts about creativity.
who u b - free music.
lawyer for “wolf of wall street” malaysian backer threatens blogger with lawsuit over critical report.
wolf & hare.
16 awesome instagram accounts from deep in the heart of texas.
23 animals really enjoying colorado’s new law.
28 reasons joaquin phoenix is the greatest actor working right now.
20 sigur rós songs to celebrate 20 years of sigur rós.
far from russia’s biggest cities, being gay means being always under threat.
meet the woman with the most famous bum on instagram.
5 disney films that have the most drinking.
msnbc’s melissa harris-perry makes tearful televised apology to the romney family.
31 insanely clever remodeling ideas for your new home.
stephen malkmus on why you shouldn’t trust your taste in your twenties.
29 healthy versions of your favorite comfort foods.
these siblings recreated 12 adorable childhood photos.
the similarities of doctor who and sherlock holmes.
24 signs you’re addicted to beauty products.
the most fab and drab celebrity outfits of the week.
this is what yahoo answers can teach us about humanity.
scientists can make stuff levitate using sound.
cutest meows and chirps - 2nd compilation.
6 pairings that guarantee you won’t want to miss a second of “celebrity big brother”.
how alo and mini taught us that opposites attract.
untouched 1942 apartment discovered in paris.
